
 
***The Evil Dead*** is a 1981 American independent supernatural horror film written and directed by Sam Raimi (in his feature directorial debut). The film stars Bruce Campbell, Ellen Sandweiss, Richard DeManincor, Betsy Baker, and Theresa Tilly as five college students vacationing in an isolated cabin in the woods, where they find an audio tape that, when played, releases a legion of demons and spirits. Four members of the group suffer from demonic possession, forcing the fifth member, Ash Williams (Campbell), to survive an onslaught of increasingly gory mayhem.
 
Raimi, Campbell, producer Robert G. Tapert, and their friends produced the 1978 short film *Within the Woods* as a proof of concept to build the interest of potential investors, which secured US$90,000 to begin work on *The Evil Dead*. Principal photography took place on location in a remote cabin in Morristown, Tennessee, in a filming process that proved extremely uncomfortable for the cast and crew. The film's extensive prosthetic makeup and stop-motion effects were created by artist Tom Sullivan. The completed film had its world premiere at the Redford Theatre in Detroit on October 15, 1981, and attracted the interest of producer Irvin Shapiro, who helped screen the film at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival. Horror author Stephen King gave a rave review of the film, which resulted in New Line Cinema acquiring its distribution rights and giving it a wide theatrical release on April 15, 1983.
 
**Download · [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SzS](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SzS)**


 
*The Evil Dead* grossed $2.4 million in the United States and between $2.9 and $29.4 million worldwide. Both early and later critical reception were universally positive; in the years since its release, the film has developed a reputation as one of the most significant cult classics, having been cited among the greatest horror films of all time, and one of the most successful independent films. It launched the careers of Raimi, Tapert, and Campbell, who have continued to collaborate on several films together, such as Raimi's *Spider-Man* trilogy.
 
When the cellar trapdoor flies open during dinner, Shelly, Linda, and Cheryl remain upstairs as Ash and Scott investigate the cellar. They find the *Naturom Demonto*, a Sumerian version of the Egyptian *Book of the Dead*, along with archaeologist Raymond Knowby's tape recorder, and they take the items upstairs. Scott plays a tape of incantations that resurrect a demonic entity. Cheryl yells for Scott to turn off the tape recorder, and a tree branch breaks one of the cabin's windows. Later that evening, an agitated Cheryl goes into the woods to investigate strange noises and she's attacked and raped by the vines and branches of demonically possessed trees. When she escapes and returns to the cabin bruised and anguished, Ash agrees to take her back into town, only to discover that the bridge to the cabin has been destroyed. Cheryl panics as she realizes that they are now trapped and the demonic entity will not let them leave. Back at the cabin, Ash learns from the tape that the only way to kill the entity is to dismember a possessed host. As Linda and Shelly play spades, Cheryl correctly calls out the cards without looking at them, turns into a Deadite and begins levitating. In a raspy, demonic voice, she demands to know why they disturbed her sleep and threatens to kill everyone. She stabs Linda in the ankle with a pencil and throws Ash into a shelf. Scott knocks Cheryl into the cellar and locks her inside.
 
Everyone fights about what to do. Having become paranoid upon seeing Cheryl's demonic transformation, Shelly goes to her room but is drawn to look out of her window, where a demon crashes through and attacks her, turning her into a Deadite. She attacks Scott before he throws her into the fireplace, slashes her wrist and then stabs her in the back with a Sumerian dagger, apparently killing her. When she reanimates, Scott dismembers her with an axe. Ash and Scott then bury her remains. Shaken by the experience, Scott decides to leave in order to find a way back to town. He returns shortly after, mortally wounded from the possessed trees, and dies while warning Ash that the trees will not let them escape alive. When Ash checks on Linda, he is horrified to find that she has become possessed. She attacks him, but he stabs her with the Sumerian dagger. Unwilling to dismember her, he buries her instead. She revives and attacks him, forcing him to decapitate her with a shovel. Her headless body bleeds on his face as it tries to rape him. He manages to escape as Linda dies, and then retreats back to the cabin.
 
Back inside, Ash discovers that Cheryl has escaped the cellar. Cheryl eludes Ash, and attempts to choke him. Ash escapes her grasp, then shoots Cheryl in the jaw. As Ash is barricading the door, Scott's dead body reanimates into a Deadite. Scott attacks Ash, and inadvertently knocks the book close to the fireplace. Ash gouges Scott's eyes out and pulls a tree branch from Scott's stomach, causing him to bleed out and fall to the ground. Cheryl breaks through the door and knocks Ash to the floor. As Scott and Cheryl continue to attack Ash on the ground, Ash grabs the book and throws it into the fireplace. While the book burns, the Deadites freeze in place, then begin to rapidly decompose. Large appendages burst from both corpses, covering Ash in blood. The bodies of Scott and Cheryl then completely decompose. Dawn breaks, and Ash stumbles outside.
 
To generate funds to produce the film, Raimi approached Phil Gillis, a lawyer to one of his friends.[14][15] Raimi showed him *Within the Woods*, and although Gillis was not impressed by the short film, he offered Raimi legal advice on how to produce *The Evil Dead*. With his advice in mind, Raimi asked a variety of people for donations, and even eventually "begged" some.[14] Campbell had to ask several of his own family members, and Raimi asked every individual he thought might be interested.[14] He eventually raised enough money to produce a full-length film, though not the full amount he originally wanted.[14] Raimi said the film cost $375,000.[3]
 
With enough money to produce the film, Raimi and Campbell set out to make what was then titled *Book of the Dead*, a name inspired by Raimi's interest in the fiction of H. P. Lovecraft.[11][16] The film was supposed to be a remake of *Within the Woods*, with higher production values and a full-length running time. Raimi turned 20 just before shooting began, and he considered the project his "rite of passage".[17]

Raimi asked for help and assistance from several of his friends and past collaborators to make *The Evil Dead*.[17] Campbell offered to produce the film alongside Tapert, and was subsequently cast as Ash Williams, the main character, since his producing responsibilities made him the only actor willing to stay during the production's entirety.[18] To acquire more actors for the project, Raimi put an ad in *The Detroit News*. Betsy Baker was one of the actresses who responded, and Ellen Sandweiss, who appeared in *Within the Woods*, was also cast.[17] The crew consisted almost entirely of Raimi and Campbell's friends and family. The special make-up effects artist for *Within the Woods*, Tom Sullivan, was brought on to compose the effects after expressing a positive reaction to working with Raimi.[18] He helped create many of the film's foam latex and fake blood effects, and added coffee as an extra ingredient to the traditional fake blood formula of corn syrup and food coloring.[19][20]
 
Without any formal assistance from location scouts, the cast had to find filming locations on their own. The crew initially attempted to shoot the film in Raimi's hometown of Royal Oak, Michigan, but instead chose Morristown, Tennessee, as it was the only state that expressed enthusiasm for the project. The crew quickly found a remote cabin located several miles away from any other buildings. During pre-production, the 13 crew members had to stay at the cabin, leading to several people sleeping in the same room. The living conditions were notoriously difficult, with several arguments breaking out between crew members.[21]
 
Steve Frankel was the only carpenter on set, which made him the art direction's sole contributor.[22] For exterior shots, Frankel had to produce several elaborate props with a circular saw. Otherwise, the cabin mostly remained the way it was found during production. The cabin had no plumbing, but phone lines were connected to it.[21][23]
 
The film was made on Kodak 16mm film stock with a rented camera.[24] The inexperienced crew made filming a "comedy of errors".[25] The first day of filming led to them getting lost in the woods during a scene shot on a bridge.[25] Several crew members were injured during the shoot, and because of the cabin's remoteness, securing medical assistance was difficult.[26] One notably gruesome moment on set involved ripping off Baker's eyelashes during removal of her face-mask.[22] Because of the low budget, contact lenses as thick as glass[*clarification needed*] had to be applied to the actors to achieve the "demonic eyes" effect.[22] The lenses took ten minutes to apply, and could only be left on for about 15 minutes because eyes could not "breathe" with them applied.[22] Campbell later commented that to get the effect of wearing these lenses, they had to put "Tupperware" over their eyes.[22]
 
Raimi developed a sense of *mise en scne*, coming up with ideas for scenes at a fast rate.[15] He had drawn several crude illustrations to help him break down the flow of scenes. The crew was surprised when Raimi began using Dutch angles during shots to build atmosphere during scenes.[27] To accommodate Raimi's style of direction, several elaborate, low-budget rigs had to be built, since the crew could not afford a camera dolly. One involved the "va