At a minimum, a screw drive is a set of shaped cavities and protrusions on the screw head that allows torque to be applied to it.[1][2] Usually, it also involves a mating tool, such as a screwdriver, that is used to turn it. Some of the less-common drives are classified as being "tamper-resistant".
 
Slot screw drives have a single horizontal indentation (the *slot*) in the fastener head and is driven by a "common blade" or flat-bladed screwdriver. This form was the first type of screw drive to be developed, and for centuries, it was the simplest and cheapest to make because it can just be sawed or filed. Additionally, it is unique because the slot head is straightforward to manufacture, and because it can be driven by a simple handtool. The *slotted screw* is commonly found in existing products and installations, along with use in simple carpentry work and in applications where minimal torque is needed. Slot screws are also used in the restoration of antique furniture, vehicles, and equipment.
 
**Download File ===> [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0Sub](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0Sub)**


 
At least one mechanical method of temporarily holding a slotted screw to a matching screwdriver is available, the Quick-Wedge screw-holding screwdriver, first manufactured by the Kedman Company in the 1950s.[6]
 
Coin-slot drives are so-called because of the curved bottom of the recess, which facilitates driving them with a suitable coin. They are often used on items where the user is not likely to have a screwdriver when needed, such as recessed screws that attach cameras to tripod adapters, and battery compartments in some equipment such as children's toys.[*citation needed*]
 
Hi-Torque slot drives were designed by Alcoa Fastening Systems, for situations where very high torque is needed, along with the ability to repeatedly install and remove the fastener.[7] The design features curved walls, unlike the straight-walled slot drive.
 
A *cross* or *double-slot* screw drive has two slots, oriented perpendicular to each other, in the fastener head; a slotted screwdriver is still used to drive just one of the slots. This type is usually found in cheaply-made roofing bolts and the like, where a thread of 5 mm (0.20 in) or above has a large flattened pan head. The advantage is that they provide some measure of redundancy: should one slot be deformed in service, the second may still be used.
 
The *Phillips* screw drive (specified as an ANSI Type I Cross Recess[9] and type H in ISO documentation) was created by John P. Thompson, who, after failing to interest manufacturers, sold his design to businessman Henry F. Phillips.[10][11] Phillips is credited with forming a company (Phillips Screw Company), improving the design, and promoting the adoption of his product.[10] The original 1932 patent[12] expired in 1966, but the Phillips Screw Company continued to develop improved designs.[10]

The American Screw Company of Providence, Rhode Island, was responsible for devising a means of efficiently manufacturing the screw, and successfully patented and licensed their method; other screw makers of the 1930s dismissed the Phillips concept because it called for a relatively complex recessed socket shape in the head of the screw, as distinct from the simple milled slot of a slotted screw. The Phillips screw design was developed as a direct solution to several problems with slotted screws: high cam out potential; need for precise alignment to avoid slippage and damage to driver, fastener, and adjacent surfaces; and difficulty of driving with powered tools.
 
Phillips drive bits are often designated by the letters "PH",[10] plus a size code 0000, 000, 00, 0, 1, 2, 3, or 4 (in order of increasing size); the numerical bit size codes do not necessarily correspond to nominal screw size numbers.[3][13]
 
The *Pozidriv,* sometimes incorrectly spelled "Pozidrive", is an improved version of the Phillips screw drive. It is designated "Type IA" by ANSI standards.[17] and "Type Z" in ISO documents. The Pozidriv was patented by GKN Screws and Fasteners in 1962.[18][19] It was designed to allow more torque to be applied and greater engagement than Phillips drives. As a result, the Pozidriv is less likely to cam out.[10][20][21] It is similar to, and compatible with, the Supadriv screw drive.[22]
 
While a Phillips screwdriver has slightly tapered flanks, a pointed tip, and rounded corners, a Pozidriv screwdriver has parallel flanks, a blunt tip, and additional smaller ribs at 45 to the main slots. The fact that the manufacturing process for Pozidriv screwdriver bits requires a slightly more complex cutter than that for Phillips notwithstanding, both bit types can be manufactured in four cuts from a tapered blank.
 
Pozidriv and Phillips appear broadly interchangeable, but may cause damage if incorrectly used. Pozidriv screwdrivers will jam fit into Phillips screws, but when tightened they may slip or tear out the Phillips screw head. Conversely, while Phillips screwdrivers will loosely fit and turn Pozidriv screws, they will cam out if enough torque is applied, potentially damaging the screw head or screwdriver.[10][20]
 
The *Supadriv* (sometimes spelled incorrectly as "Supadrive") screw drive is very similar in function and appearance to Pozidriv. It is a later development by the same company. The description of the Pozidriv head applies also to Supadriv. While each has its own driver,[23] the same screwdriver heads may be used for both types without damage; for most purposes it is unnecessary to distinguish between the two drives. Pozidriv and Supadriv screws are slightly different in detail; the later Supadriv allows a small angular offset between the screw and the screwdriver, while Pozidriv has to be directly in line.[22][24][25]
 
In detail, the Supadriv screwhead is similar to Pozidriv but has only two identification ticks, and the secondary blades are larger. Drive blades are about equal thickness. The main practical difference is that Supadriv has superior bite when driving screws into vertical or near-vertical surfaces, making screwdriving more efficient, with less cam out.[23][22]
 
The *JIS B 1012*[26] was commonly found in Japanese made equipment, such as cameras and motorbikes. Superficially it looks like a Phillips screw with narrower and more vertical slots, to give less tendency to cam out. The bottom of the recess is flat, and the point of the driver has to be blunt. A Phillips screwdriver has the same 26.5 degree cone angle but because of the tapered slots will not seat fully, and will damage the screw if forced.A correctly sized JIS driver will engage at full depth into a Phillips or Pozidriv head screw slightly loosely, but without damage. JIS heads are often identified by a single dot or an "X" to one side of the cross slot, though this is not always the case.[27]
 
(PH) (PZ) ISO 8764 PH drivers[28] are nearly identical to JIS B 1012 drivers. ISO 8764 has superseded JIS B 1012 in Japan as well as being used in many other countries. The standard specifies that drivers and bits are to be marked with a "PH" or "PZ" followed by the size number (000, 00, 0, 1, 2, 3), though not all manufacturers do this.[29]
 
Phillips II recesses are compatible with Phillips drivers, but have a vertical rib in between the cruciform recesses that interacts with horizontal ribs on a Phillips II driver to create a stick-fit, and to provide anti cam-out properties (the ribs are trademarked as "ACR" for Anti Cam-out Ribs).[*citation needed*]
 
The *Frearson* screw drive, also known as the *Reed and Prince* screw drive, and specified as ANSI Type II Cross Recess, is similar to a Phillips but the Frearson has a sharp tip and larger angle in the V shape.[17] One advantage over the Phillips drive is that one driver or bit fits all screw sizes. It is often found in marine hardware and requires a Frearson screwdriver or bit to work properly. The tool recess is a perfect, sharp cross, allowing for higher applied torque, unlike the rounded, tapered Phillips head, which can cam out at high torque. It was developed by an English inventor named Frearson in the 19th century and produced from the late 1930s to the mid-1970s. The Reed & Prince Mfg. Company of Worcester, Massachusetts, was put into bankruptcy in 1987 and liquidated in 1990. Another entity called Reed & Prince Manufacturing Corporation, now of Leominster, Massachusetts, purchased some of the assets including the name at the liquidation sale.[31]
 
Also called *BNAE NFL22-070* after its Bureau de normalisation de l'aronautique et de l'espace standard number. A cross-head screw with a two-step driver design, with the blade diameter increasing a certain distance from the point.
 
*Torq-set* is a cruciform screw drive used in torque-sensitive applications. The Torq-set head is similar in appearance to a Phillips drive in that it has a cross with 4 arms. In Torq-set however, the lines are offset from each other, so they do not align to form intersecting slots across the top of the head. Because of this, a regular Phillips or flat-blade screwdriver will not fit the head. It is used in military and aerospace applications, for example, the Boeing E-3 Sentry, Lockheed P-3 Orion, General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon, Airbus, Embraer, and Bombardier Inc. aircraft.[33] Phillips Screw Company owns the name and produces the fasteners.
 
The *Mortorq* drive, developed by the Phillips Screw Company, is a format used in automotive[35] and aerospace applications. It is designed to be a lightweight, low-profile and high-strength drive, with full contact over the entire recess wing, reducing risk of stripping.[36] This low recess was able to create a shorter head height compared to other screws at the time of its development, which in turn reduced the weight of this drive type. The Mortorq was originally designed for aerospace applications. This reduction of