In general, USCIS will first process Form I-526 petitions for investors for whom a visa is available or soon to be available. Processing times for Form I-526 are typically based on an analysis of the completed cases for the prior month.
 
**Download 🆓 [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SwK](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SwK)**


 
Advance travel planning and early visa application are important. If you plan to apply for a nonimmigrant visa to come to the United States as a temporary visitor, please review the current wait time for an interview using the tool below. *Not all visa applications can be completed on the day of the interview; please read the information below for more details*.
 
The estimated wait time to receive a nonimmigrant visa interview appointment at a U.S. embassy or consulate and is based on workload and staffing and can vary from week to week. The information provided is an estimate and does not guarantee the availability of an appointment.
 
Wait times for applicants eligible for Interview Waiver are applicable only for locations where applicants schedule appointments to submit their passport and any required documents to a U.S. embassy or consulate. The wait time estimate does not account for the time required for a consular officer to adjudicate the application nor mailing time of passports or other documents. Refer to the website of the Embassy or Consulate Visa Section where you will apply to determine your eligibility for Interview Waiver and for instructions for submitting a nonimmigrant visa application. Note that applicants must be a national or resident of the country where they are applying to be eligible to apply via Interview Waiver.

Consular sections overseas may be able to expedite your interview date if there is an urgent, unforeseen situation such as a funeral, medical emergency, or school start date. The process to request an expedited nonimmigrant visa interview varies by location. You should refer to the instructions on the website of the Embassy or Consulate Visa Section where you will interview, or on their online appointment scheduling site. You will need to provide proof of the need for an earlier appointment.
 
**In all cases**: You must first submit the online visa application form (DS-160), pay the application fee, and schedule the first available interview appointment. Only at this point will a consular section consider your request for an expedited appointment.
 
**Note:** Travel for the purpose of attending weddings and graduation ceremonies, assisting pregnant relatives, participating in an annual business/academic/professional conference, or enjoying last-minute tourism does not qualify for expedited appointments. For such travel, please schedule a regular visa appointment well in advance.
 
These estimates do not include time required for administrative processing, which may affect some applications. When administrative processing is required, the timing will vary based on individual circumstances of each case.
 
There are only two possible outcomes for U.S. visa applications. The consular officer will either issue or refuse the visa. If a visa applicant has not established that he or she is eligible for a visa, the consular officer must refuse that application. However, some refused visa applications may require further administrative processing. When administrative processing is required, the consular officer will inform the applicant at the end of the interview. The duration of the administrative processing will vary based on the individual circumstances of each case. At the conclusion of the administrative processing period, the consular officer might conclude that an applicant is now qualified for the visa for which he or she applied. The officer may also conclude that the applicant remains ineligible for a visa. Visa applicants are reminded to apply early for their visas, well in advance of the anticipated travel date.
 
**Important Notice:**Except in cases of emergency travel (i.e. serious illnesses, injuries, or deaths in your immediate family), before making inquiries about status of administrative processing, applicants should wait at least 180 days from the date of interview or submission of supplemental documents, whichever is later.
 
In addition, it is important to thoroughly review all information on the specific Embassy or Consulate Visa Section website for local procedures and instructions, such as how to make an interview appointment. Embassy and Consulate websites will also explain any additional procedures for students, exchange visitors and those persons who need an earlier visa interview appointment.
 
\* Wait times are generally the MAXIMUM amount of time you will have to wait to get an appointment. Appointments are continuously being added and you will likely be given an opportunity to move your appointment up as new appointments are opened.
 
Links to external websites are provided as a convenience and should not be construed as an endorsement by the U.S. Department of State of the views or products contained therein. If you wish to remain on travel.state.gov, click the "cancel" message.
 
***The New York Times*** (***NYT***)[b] is an American daily newspaper based in New York City. *The New York Times* covers domestic, national, and international news, and publishes opinion pieces, investigative reports, and reviews. As one of the longest-running newspapers in the United States, the *Times* serves as one of the country's newspapers of record. As of 2023, *The New York Times* is the second-largest newspaper by print circulation in the United States; including online subscribers, the *Times* has a circulation of 10.36 million, the most of any newspaper in the U.S. *The New York Times* is published by The New York Times Company; since 1896, the company has been chaired by the Ochs-Sulzberger family, whose current chairman and the paper's publisher is A. G. Sulzberger. The *Times* is headquartered at The New York Times Building in Midtown Manhattan.
 
The *Times* was founded as the conservative *New-York Daily Times* in 1851, and came to national recognition in the 1870s with its aggressive coverage of corrupt politician William M. Tweed. Following the Panic of 1893, *Chattanooga Times* publisher Adolph Ochs gained a controlling interest in the company. In 1935, Ochs was succeeded by his son-in-law, Arthur Hays Sulzberger, who began a push into European news. Sulzberger's son-in-law Arthur Ochs became publisher in 1963, adapting to a changing newspaper industry and introducing radical changes. *The New York Times* was involved in the landmark 1964 U.S. Supreme Court case *New York Times Co. v. Sullivan*, which restricted the ability of public officials to sue the media for defamation.
 
In 1971, *The New York Times* published the *Pentagon Papers*, an internal Department of Defense document detailing the United States's historical involvement in the Vietnam War, despite pushback from then-president Richard Nixon. In the landmark decision *New York Times Co. v. United States* (1971), the Supreme Court ruled that the First Amendment guaranteed the right to publish the *Pentagon Papers*. In the 1980s, the *Times* began a two-decade progression to digital technology and launched nytimes.com in 1996. In the 21st century, *The New York Times* has shifted its publication online amid the global decline of newspapers.
 
*The New York Times* was established in 1851 by *New-York Tribune* journalists Henry Jarvis Raymond and George Jones.[4] The *Times* experienced significant circulation, particularly among conservatives; *New-York Tribune* publisher Horace Greeley praised the *New-York Daily Times*.[5] During the American Civil War, *Times* correspondents gathered information directly from Confederate states.[6] In 1869, Jones inherited the paper from Raymond,[7] who had changed its name to *The New-York Times*.[8] Under Jones, the *Times* began to publish a series of articles criticizing Tammany Hall political boss William M. Tweed, despite vehement opposition from other New York newspapers.[9] In 1871, *The New-York Times* published Tammany Hall's accounting books; Tweed was tried in 1873 and sentenced to twelve years in prison. The *Times* earned national recognition for its coverage of Tweed.[10] In 1891, Jones died, creating a management imbroglio in which his children had insufficient business acumen to inherit the company and his will prevented an acquisition of the *Times*.[11] Editor-in-chief Charles Ransom Miller, editorial editor Edward Cary, and correspondent George F. Spinney established a company to manage *The New-York Times*,[12] but faced financial difficulties during the Panic of 1893.[13]
 
In August 1896, *Chattanooga Times* publisher Adolph Ochs acquired *The New-York Times*, implementing significant alterations to the newspaper's structure. Ochs established the *Times* as a merchant's newspaper and removed the hyphen from the newspaper's name.[14] In 1905, *The New York Times* opened Times Tower, marking expansion.[15] The *Times* experienced a political realignment in the 1910s amid several disagreements within the Republican Party.[16] *The New York Times* reported on the sinking of the *Titanic*, as other newspapers were cautious about bulletins circulated by the Associated Press.[17] Through managing editor Carr Van Anda, the *Times* focused on scientific advancements, reporting on Albert Einstein's then-unknown theory of general relativity and becoming involved in the discovery of the tomb of Tutankhamun.[18] In April 1935, Ochs died, leaving his son-in-law Arthur Hays Sulzberger as publisher.[19] The Great Depression forced Sulzberger to reduce *The New York Times*'s operations,[20] and developments in the New York newspaper landscape resulted in the formation of larger newspapers, such as the *New York Herald Tribune* and the *New York World-Telegram*.[21] In