
 
Philosophy is at the heart of curriculum development. It helps educators in formulating beliefs, arguments, and assumptions and in making value judgments. Philosophy develops a broad outlook, and it also helps in answering what schools are for, what subjects are important, how students should learn, and what materials and methods should be used. Philosophy provides the starting point . . . in decision making about education in its totality (Ogwara, et. al, 2013).
 
**DOWNLOAD 🔗 [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SyV](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SyV)**


 
Idealism is considered one of the oldest philosophical systems, whose main proponent was the Greek philosopher, Plato. Idealism advocates that ideas constitute what is real and permanent, i.e. ideas are the only true reality. Idealism also emphasizes the spiritual component of man, i.e., man is a spiritual being.
 
According to this philosophy, education is the process of development of a person, his/her conscious and spiritual self. The ultimate responsibility for learning rests with learners. The school exists to develop character, increase knowledge, and cultivate aesthetic taste. The teacher is expected to be a model, friend, and guide to the learners.
 
Selection of study material in line with the expressed interests and concerns of the learner. Non-formal curriculum activities and physical training in areas like games, related hobbies, and other co-curricular areas.
 
In general, it is possible to identify elements of past education in the present-day curricula in many education systems within the United States and the rest of the world, depending on the past history.
 
The document discusses the sociological bases of education. It defines sociology and educational sociology, and explains their important contributions to education. Some key factors that cause social change are also outlined, such as technological development, urbanization, population growth, religion, politics, and economic changes. The relationship between social change and education is bidirectional - social changes impact education systems, and education also plays a role in relation to social changes. Education aims to help social adjustment and transmit social values and heritage from one generation to the next.Read less

Despite the seeming impossibility of it, given that almost all of us are products of the system that emphasizes art objects over people, sociology and social concerns did manage a comeback (of sorts) in the 1990s. Save for the work of Christopher Small, this comeback was not driven by sociologists or by music educators with a love of sociology (such as those who attended the first American sociology in music education symposium in 1995), but by three discrete intellectual currents of music education in the 1990s: (1) rising multicultural awareness, (2) feminist thought, and (3) jazz, or more precisely, music education philosophers with backgrounds as jazz/commercial musicians.
 
None of this is to suggest that inequality is not present in music education classrooms around the world. Research by Kenneth Elpus and Carlos Abril (2019) has shown that instrumental music classes in American secondary schools are not demographically representative, for example. That should concern us. If we believe music education is for everyone, then it needs to be for everyone. It should concern us that our practices help to create and sustain inequalities along any lines (gender, race, sexuality, disability, and so on). It should concern us if and when superior musical performance derives from the economic status of students and their families.[22] It should also concern us if and when music teaching helps to create cultural hierarchies that serve to celebrate some groups and denigrate others. While some hierarchies are unavoidable, in that whatever gets taught in school is automatically ascribed value, there are most certainly teaching practices that implicitly and explicitly promote cultural hierarchies (e.g., music education as notation literacy) and teaching practices that work to challenge them.
 
Roger Mantie is Professor, Department of Arts, Culture and Media at University of Toronto Scarborough, with a graduate appointment at the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education. His teaching and scholarship focus on connections between education and wellness, with an emphasis on lifelong engagement in and with music and the arts. Roger is the author of Music, Leisure, Education: Historical and Philosophical Perspectives (2021), co-author of Education, Music, and the Social Lives of Undergraduates: Collegiate A Cappella and the Pursuit of Happiness (2020), and co-editor of the Oxford Handbook of Technology and Music Education (2017) and the Oxford Handbook of Music Making and Leisure (2016). Complete information at rogermantie.com.
 
Froehlich, Hildegard. 2004. From talking about social realities in music learning and teaching to sociological inquiries in music education: A wide leap indeed. Sociology of Music Education Symposium IV, University of Massachusetts Amherst.
 
Small, Christopher. 1977. Music, society, education: A radical examination of the prophetic function of music in western, eastern and African cultures with its impact on society and its use in education. Calder.
 
[7] I mean this not in the narrow definition (musicologists versus composers versus music theorists, etc.), but in the larger sense that university music faculty are all, in a sense, musicologists to the extent they study music.
 
[9] The MayDay Group continues to promote the social values of music education. Though by now somewhat out of date, see, for example, their very helpful resources page: -perspectives-education-music-and-music-education-literature-five-bibliographies.
 
[12] I looked at the latest issues of British Journal of Music Education, Bulletin of the Council for Research in Music Education, Journal of Research in Music Education, Journal of Music Teacher Education, Music Education Research, and Research Studies in Music Education. There are a few articles that are decidedly psychological (e.g., using Self Determination Theory or self-efficacy) or agnostically empirical, but the majority can easily be considered as sociocultural in nature.
 
[23] Part of the argument, as I understand it, is that the strong acceptance of determinism incapacitates ethics and agency. Posthumanism thus strives to resuscitate the importance of thinking and acting ethically.
 
[26] Our limited numbers make it all the more frustrating to see so many studies on the same topic while other topics, like those arising from Childhood Studies, for example, go unexplored. Can we not move on from pre-service music teacher identity?
 
The process of analyzing policy developments against a background of philosophical, sociological, political and economic foundations will serve as a reference in making policies related to basic education. Education in Indonesia often experiences polemics which are the result of mistakes in taking virtue. The policy emerged from government actors. That way, policy makers and stakeholders are expected to be able to think about, describe, and identify policies taken based on philosophical, sociological, political, and economic foundations. This research departs from field observations so that various solutions are obtained. With various factual data sources as a support in compiling scientific work and obtaining data from scientific literature such as journals and reading books using library research methods. The analysis uses a qualitative research approach; data collection techniques with observations in schools and literature studies. Focus on policy development objectives based on philosophical, sociological, political and economic foundations. Because policies can affect the learning process and the implementation of effective learning. Thus, it is necessary to analyze good educational policies, so that noble ideals can be realized in accordance with the mandate of the 1945 Constitution, namely the intellectual life of the nation.
 
This course examines the historical, philosophical and sociological foundations of education as they relate to schools, with a particular emphasis on teaching a culturally diverse population. Students will develop an understanding of the relationship between society and education. Students will understand the process of change and change models. (20 hours of embedded field experience.)
 
This class is designed to increase theoretical and practical knowledge about curriculum, assessment, differentiation, evaluation and the revision cycle across a school system/building from the perspective of the building principal of K-12. The goals of curriculum inquiries should always be to improve teaching/learning/assessment and increase student performance. (20 of hours embedded field experience.)
 
This course is designed to cultivate ethical leaders at the classroom, school and district level who are prepared to influence system transformation. Using student-generated and case study scenarios, participants will engage in reflective practice to develop their ethical leadership capacity. (20 hours of embedded field experience.)
 
This course focuses on school finance at the building level and a practical based view of school facilities with some introduction to the foundations, techniques and principles related to the planning, maintenance and remodeling of school buildings. Emphasis will be placed on the role of federal, state and local governments in funding public schools, the impact of taxation, and an overview of school funding formulas and will evaluate and reallocate financial resources to improve student results. Students will explore school construction sites, compare buildings and how they contribute to the educational environment. Methods for forecasting enrollment will also be studied. (20 ho