
 
Timmy Daniel Kerkhof, age 40, a life long resident of Seymour, Indiana, passed away on Monday, April 8, 2024 as a result of a motorcycle accident. He was born on May 20, 1983 to Timothy Lee Kerkhof of Seymour, Indiana and Jackie (Baughman) Johnson of Seymour, Indiana. He was a Christian by faith. Timmy "Can't Sit Still!" and his countless shenanigans were fully supported by his four amigos, Senior Ronnie, A.J., Pappy and Fluff. He enjoyed riding, wrenching and loved his motorcycle "Kyle". Anyone that knew Timmy knew that he was intensely loyal to people, especially his friends. He was the life of the party, even if he wasn't invited. He would help anyone that needed him and was very generous. He has a personality all to himself and was wild, exceptional and very caring. He loved his grandson and being a "Pop Pop". Timmy loved animals especially his raccoon Honey, he found great enjoyment in wildlife that are rehabilitated at The Kastle. Timmy would want his friends and family to always remember...."I LOVE YOU WHOLE BIG BUNCHES...WINNING!!!!!".
 
**Download ★★★ [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SCa](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SCa)**


 
He is survived by his parents, one daughter, Madaline Kerkhof and her partner Baylee Young and Mikel Bruemmer who he fathered with his beloved Torre Collins of Crothersville, Indiana. One son, Josiah Abel and one daughter, Artema Smith and her husband Sloane whom he shared with his life partner Debra Abel of Seymour, Indiana. Who will continue to love and care for his furry friend Noodle.
 
Three brothers, Kris Kerkhof of Edinburgh, Indiana, Ben Kerkhof of Seymour, Indiana and Marc Baughman and his wife Jamie of Freetown, Indiana. Two sisters, Alanda Rojas of Brownstown, Indiana and Amber Hendershot and her husband Charles of Medora, Indiana. Three grandchildren, Zyden Dalzell. Addy Smith and Elly Newman.

The family will receive friends on Monday, April 15, 2024 from 5:00 PM until 8:00 PM at Cornerstone Community Church. Visitation will resume on Tuesday, April 16, 2024 from 9:00 AM until 12:00 PM at Cornerstone Community Church. Funeral services will begin at 12:00 PM with the Rev. Dr. Jeremy Myers officiating. He will be laid to rest at White Creek Methodist Church Cemetery.
 
GARDNER - Daniel W. Lovett, 23, of 24 Kraft Street, Gardner died early Thursday, May 18th from injuries sustained in a motor vehicle accident in Gardner. He was born in Fitchburg on January 31,1983, the son Francis W. Lovett, 111 and Karen L. (Place) Lovett and lived briefly in Augusta, Maine before moving to Gardner. Danny was a graduate of Coney High School in Augusta with the class of 2001. He was a press operator at Garlock Printing in Gardner. He enjoyed music. Danny leaves his father, Francis W. Lovett 111 of Bryant, Arkansas; his mother, Karen L. Green of Vassalboro, Maine; a brother, Timothy R. Lovett of Winchendon; two sisters, Jennifer J. Collins of Gardner and Amanda L. O'Leary of Augusta, Maine; his paternal grandparents, Francis W. Lovett, Jr. and Shirley G. Lovett of Colorado; his maternal grandparents, Robert L.R. and Ruth W. Place of Eustis, Florida and Winchendon; three nephews, Michael O'Leary 111, Geurin D. Lovett and Zachary Lovett; a niece, Kayla M. Collins, one uncle and five aunts. A memorial service will be held at 2 P.M., Saturday, May 27th in the Snow-Ladeau Funeral Home, 343 Central Street, Winchendon. The Rev. David R. Cote will officiate. There are no calling hours. In lieu of flowers, memorial donations may be made to a charity of the donor's choice. www.snow-ladeau.com
 
Daniel F. Foley was born October 9, 1921, in Wabasha, Minnesota. He was one of 10 brothers and sisters. His father, John R. Foley, practiced law in Wabasha and Daniel was one of four brothers who followed him into a legal career. One brother, Patrick Foley, was a U.S. Attorney for the District of Minnesota and a Federal Administrative Law Judge. Another, Eugene Foley, served as Administrator of the Small Business Administration in the 1960's. The third, John Foley, was a U.S. Representative for Maryland from 1959-1961.
 
Judge Foley graduated from St. Felix High School in Wabasha and served in World War II, rising to the rank of Sergeant. After earning a bachelor's degree from the University of St. Thomas and a law degree from Fordham University, he returned home to Wabasha in 1948 to practice law with his father. He served as the Wabasha City Attorney for 10 years, from 1949-1959.
 
Following his military service, Daniel F. Foley was active in the American Legion. After holding several elected positions in the state organization, he was elected National Commander of the American Legion, a position he held from 1963-1964. During his time as National Commander, he traveled across the country and abroad, met with President Kennedy, and was instrumental in rallying the Legion's support for the 1963 Partial Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty. In 1964 he was awarded a Doctor of Law degree from the Mexican Academy of International Law. In 1965 he was awarded a Papal knighthood of the Order of St. Gregory in recognition of his work for the Catholic church.
 
In 1966, Daniel F. Foley was appointed as a judge for Minnesota's 3rd Judicial District. In 1983, Governor Rudy Perpich appointed him to be one of the first six judges on the Minnesota Court of Appeals. He retired from the bench in 1991 upon reaching the mandatory retirement age of 70. He then served as a senior judge until his death in 2002.
 
Daniel F. Foley had five sons with his first wife, Ellen, to whom he was married from 1944 until her death in 1991. He married his second wife, Jeanne, in 2002 and passed away that same year. Two of his sons also became lawyers, Tom Foley worked as a Ramsey County Attorney and another son worked for the Attorney General's office.
 
Jared was born in Dayton on March 23, 1983. He was preceded in death by his dad, Jeffery Curtis Arnold; grandmother, Martha Koger; grandfather, Colin Kelly Koger, Sr.; and great-grandmothers, Lorene Partin and Bonnie Koger.
 
Jared is survived by his loving mother, Irene Arnold; daughter, Bailey Petty; brothers, Nicholas Curtis Arnold, Dustin Lee Arnold, Robert McComb, Jr., Cole Ward, and Kevin Linehouse; sisters, Misty Arnold, Monique Vulgamore, and Tiarra Callahan Ward; uncles, Nickson Arnold and Colin Koger, Jr.; aunts, Gina Ransdell and Bonnie Saur; nieces, Makayla Vulgamore and Malea Vulgamore; nephew, Matthew Vulgamore; great-nephew Dejuan Johnson, Jr.; great-niece, Miyonni Johnson; and many other relatives and friends.
 
Jared was a loving son, father, and brother. His family was very proud of him. He loved football- especially the 49ers. Jared will be dearly missed by all who knew and loved him. He will always be in our hearts.
 
James Daniel Hartman, beloved son, brother, grandson, father, uncle, grandfather, and friend, passed away unexpectedly on September 23, 2023 in Holladay, Utah. He was 40 years old. Born on January 30, 1983 in Walla Walla, Washington, he came into the lives of grateful parents Dan and Susan Hartman of Provo, Utah as an infant. Dan and James fell instantly in love from the first minute they met and their father-son bond never wavered. Close behind was the fierce love from his best friend, big sister Bri Bri.
 
He spent an idyllic childhood in Provo with siblings Brianne and Kimball. Additional siblings joined him in later years, including Colby, McCall, Sydney, Derek, Diana, Kyle, JC, Shashauna and Kiera. James loved being part of this big blended family. He spoke in movie and TV series quotes from his favorite characters as a shorthand with his family, who would recite every line verbatim in unison and laugh for hours.
 
James loved with his whole heart. He had an uncanny knack for knowing when you needed a hug, and he gave the best bear hugs to all he knew that you never wanted to end. He could talk for hours in an Irish brogue and tell stories that would make you laugh so hard you were crying tears of happiness, and his infectious laugh made every occasion the best time you ever had.
 
James served in the Army as an 88M (truck transportation specialty), with service in Iraq. This experience equipped him with skills and habits that were useful throughout his life. He was an exceptionally hard worker, and well respected by his employers and co-workers in all kinds of occupations for his willingness to work long and hard until the job was done properly. At his death, James was working as a crew manager for Beacon Doors, and was proud of high-end projects such as the Taylorsville Temple he was able to work on.
 
He had many talents that he shared freely throughout his life, including a beautiful singing voice, great storytelling skills, quick wit, gymnastic and all-around athletic talent, math skills, and a wonderful sense of humor. He had a special ability to explain complex concepts to children in clear, understandable ways, which his nieces and nephews remember with fondness.
 
He loved to learn and had a wide range of interests to explore. He was particularly interested in history and biographies, and loved to dive deep by watching documentaries, reading, and sharing what he learned and how he saw it connecting to other things.
 
He is survived by parents Dan and Lisa Hartman, Susan and Ric Salgy, and Leona and Calvin Help; grandparents Joan and Dick Salgy and Jim and Becky Bringard; his beloved children Ana Hartman, Draven Hartman, and Hazel Amott, and grandson Lincoln James Duran; siblings Brianne Marshall (Joe Hyder), Kimball Hartman, Colby Hartman, McCall Moody (Craig Casazza), Sydney Hartman, Derek Salgy (Kira), Diana Salgy Jacobson (Darren), Kyle Help, JC Help (Dayana), Shashauna Mountain (Erin) and Kiera Help (Ana); and nieces and nephews Kaelei Marshall Saldierna (Edher), Valentine Salgy, Strider Salgy, Olivia Hyder, Porter Jacobson, Calvin Jacobson, Odessa Jacobson, Alexander Jacobson, Julie