
 
In marketing, a **product** is an object, or system, or service made available for consumer use as of the consumer demand; it is anything that can be offered to a market to satisfy the desire or need of a customer.[1] In retailing, products are often referred to as merchandise, and in manufacturing, products are bought as raw materials and then sold as finished goods. A service is also regarded as a type of product.
 
**Download ··· [https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SCj](https://sioburcietek.blogspot.com/?c=2A0SCj)**


 
A product can be classified as tangible or intangible. A tangible product is an actual physical object that can be perceived by touch such as a building, vehicle, gadget, or clothing. An intangible product is a product that can only be perceived indirectly such as an insurance policy. These services can be broadly classified under intangible products, which can be durable or nondurable.
 
In its online product catalog, retailer Sears, Roebuck and Company divides its products into "departments", then presents products to potential shoppers according to (1) function or (2) brand.[2] Each product has a Sears item number and a manufacturer's model number. Sears uses the departments and product groupings with the intention of helping customers browse products by function or brand within a traditional department-store structure.[3]
 
A product line is "a group of products that are closely related, either because they function in a similar manner, are sold to the same customer groups, are marketed through the same types of outlets, or fall within given price ranges."[4]Many businesses offer a range of product lines which may be unique to a single organisation or may be common across the business's industry. In 2002 the US Census compiled revenue figures for the finance and insurance industry by various product lines such as "accident, health and medical insurance premiums" and "income from secured consumer loans".[5] Within the insurance industry, product lines are indicated by the type of risk coverage, such as auto insurance, commercial insurance and life insurance.[6]

Various classification systems for products have been developed for economic statistical purposes. The NAFTA signatories are working on a system that classifies products called NAPCS as a companion to the North American Industry Classification System (NAICS).[7] The European Union uses a "Classification of Products by Activity" among other product classifications.[8] The United Nations also classifies products for international economic activity reporting.[9]
 
The National Institute of Governmental Purchasing (NIGP)[12] developed a commodity and services classification system for use by state and local governments, the NIGP Code.[13] The NIGP Code is used by 33 states within the United States as well as thousands of cities, counties and political subdivisions. The NIGP Code is a hierarchical schema consisting of a 3 digit class, 5 digit class-item, 7 digit class-item-group, and an 11 digit class-item-group-detail.[14] Applications of the NIGP Code include vendor registration, inventory item identification, contract item management, spend analysis, and strategic sourcing.
 
A manufacturer usually provides an identifier for each particular design of product they make, known as a **model**, **model variant**, or **model number** (often abbreviated as **MN**, **M/N** or **model no.**, and sometimes as M- or Mk). For example, Dyson Ltd, a manufacturer of appliances (mainly vacuum cleaners), requires customers to identify their model in the support section of the website.[15] Brand and model can be used together to identify products in the market. The model number is not necessarily the same as the manufacturer part number (MPN).[16]
 
Because of the huge amount of similar products in the automotive industry, there is a special kind of defining a car with options (marks, attributes) that represent the characteristics features of the vehicle. A model of a car is defined by some basic options like body, engine, gearbox, and axles. The variants of a model (often called the **trim levels**) are built by some additional options like color, seats, wheels, mirrors, other trims, entertainment and assistant systems, etc. Options, that exclude each other (pairwise) build an option family. That means that you can choose only one option for each family and you have to choose exactly one option.
 
In addition, a specific unit of a product is often (and in some contexts must be) identified by a serial number, which is necessary to distinguish products with the same product definition. In the case of automotive products, it is called the vehicle identification number (VIN), an internationally standardised format.
 
Many of these types of product information are regulated to some degree, such as to some degree prohibiting false or misleading product information or requiring sellers or manufacturers to specify various information such as ingredients of food-, pharmaceutical- and hygiene-products. There also is standardization. Marketing to entice the shopper[17] is often prioritized over accurate, high-quality or extensive and relevant information.
 
Product information is often a key element in the buyer decision process. Relevant factors include trust in the accuracy of the information and social normative pressure.[22][23] Easily accessible and up-to-date medicinal product information can contribute to the health literacy.[24] Online shopping is usually more informationally rich than shopping at physical stores traveled to and usually has higher comparability and customizability.[17]
 
Production information-related developments can be useful for enabling, facilitating, or shifting towards sustainable consumption and support more sustainable products. Environmental life-cycle assessment (LCA) has been widely used for to assess environmental impacts across the life cycle of products.[25] There are LCA datasets that assess all products in some supermarkets in a standardized way.[26][27] Consumers may seek reliable information to evaluate relevant characteristics of products such as durability and reliability.[28] Development of 'transparency by design' scenarios have been suggested to "complement the physical product with layers of digital information", improving transparency and traceability (T&T).[29] The app CodeCheck gives some smartphone users some capability to scan products for assessed ingredients.[30][31] Many labels are considered to be flawed and few have the time to "study the true environmental impact of every purchase". Full product transparency is a concept of making the full life-cycle impacts public.[32] An important element that is required for various product information is supply chain transparency, which relates to human rights and supply chain sustainability.[33][34]
 
In the EU, under the renewed Sustainable Product Policy Initiative, the inclusion of a Digital Product Passport has been proposed.[35][36] A material passport is a document consisting of all the materials that are included in a product or construction. It consists of a set of data describing defined characteristics of materials in products, useful for recovery, recycling, re-use and various evaluations. They may contribute to a more circular economy.
 
Product information management (PIM) is the process of managing all the information required to market and sell products through distribution channels. This product data is created by an internal organization to support a multichannel marketing strategy. A central hub of product data can be used to distribute information to sales channels such as e-commerce websites, print catalogues, marketplaces such as Amazon and Google Shopping, social media platforms like Instagram and electronic data feeds to trading partners. Moreover, the significant role that PIM plays is reducing the abandonment rate by giving better product information.[37]
 
When you add structured data to your product pages, your product information can appear in richer ways in Google Search results (including Google Images and Google Lens). For example, users can see price, availability, review ratings, shipping information, and more right in search results.
 
Note that there is some overlap between these two features. In general, adding the required product information properties for merchant listings means that your product pages can also be eligible for product snippets. Both features have their own enhancements, so be sure to review both when deciding which markup makes sense in the context of your site (the more properties you can add, the more enhancements your page can be eligible for).
 
Search result enhancements are shown at the discretion of each experience, and may change over time. For this reason, it is recommended to provide as much rich product information as available, without concern for the exact experiences that will use it. Here are some examples of how product rich results may be enhanced:
 
To provide rich product data to Google Search you can add Product structured data to your web pages, upload data feeds with Google Merchant Center and opt into free listings within the Merchant Center console, or both. The Search Central documentation focuses on structured data on web pages.
 
Providing both structured data on web pages and a Merchant Center feed maximizes your eligibility to experiences and helps Google correctly understand and verify your data. Some experiences combine data from structured data and Google Merchant Center feeds if both are available. For example, product snippets may use pricing data from your merchant feed if it's not present in the structured data on the page. The Google Merchant Center feed documentation includes additional recommendations and requirements for feed attributes.
 
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Cr